China＊s largest AI unicorn SenseTime sets single round record by raising $410 million in Series B funding	Beijing, China 每 July 11, 2017 每 SenseTime, China＊s leading artificial intelligence (AI) company that specializes in computer vision and deep learning, today announced that it has raised $410 million in its Series B round of funding, setting a new record for the most capital received in a single round within the field of AI. The unprecedented level of financing also establishes SenseTime as the largest AI unicorn in China, and possibly in the world.The B1 round was led by private equity firm CDH Investments. Sailing Capital led the B2 round, which was backed by nearly 20 leading financial institutions and strategic partners including China International Capital Corporation (CICC), China Everbright Holdings, China Renaissance, and China Merchants Securities (Hong Kong).SenseTime co-founder and CEO Dr. Xu Li said, ※The capital we raised in our Series B funding will serve as a major driver in three main areas. First, it will allow us to maintain our innovative edge by supporting our efforts to construct groundbreaking AI infrastructure. Second, we will build on our existing platform to expand our product line as well as exploring new verticals such as autonomous driving. Third, we will strengthen our cooperation with a core set of partners and open up a greater range of applications for our customers, thus creating an AI ecosystem powered by SenseTime.§SenseTime has already enlisted more than 400 large-scale partners and customers such as NVIDIA, China Mobile, UnionPay, Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, Weibo, and iFLYTEK. Following its Series B funding round, it will focus on expanding its AI applications to more fields as well as deepening its cooperation with OEM manufacturers on computer vision-related industries such as autonomous driving and intelligent medical treatment. SenseTime will also leverage its advanced AI production capabilities and tools to significantly improve manufacturing efficiencies and create more value for its customers.※In the Internet age, China has seen the emergence of its own crop of world-class companies such as Alibaba and Tencent, who have revolutionized the world,§ Wu Shangzhi, Chairman of CDH Investments who led the series B1 round of funding, said. ※In the AI era, we hope to see a Chinese pioneer transform the global landscape in an even greater way. SenseTime has demonstrated its capacity for innovation, and CDH Investments will use the power of capital to fully support them as they evolve into an AI leader for the world.§James Liu, President & CEO of Sailing Capital, who led the series B2 round of funding and invested in Mobileye before Intel＊s acquisition, said, ※We see a similar level of research & development strengths in SenseTime as we did in Mobileye. Sailing prefers to invest in companies with cutting-edge, proprietary technologies. It＊s not always easy to find such companies in China, and SenseTime is one of the best.§"IDG Capital led SenseTime's series A round of funding and participated in the series B round," Hugo Shong, Global Chairman of IDG Capital, said. "We decided to continue our investment in SenseTime because we witnessed its rapid growth and technological breakthroughs in the past two years. Our continued investment demonstrates our confidence in the company and our commitment to supporting the development of AI, which has become a major initiative for the market." Propelled by its pioneering core technologies and its proprietary deep learning platform, SenseTime grew by dozens of times in 2016 in terms of both its customer base and business size. In steering the AI upgrades for more than 400 customers, the company has cemented itself as the clear market leader as well as China＊s largest AI company and algorithms supplier. SenseTime has enabled many vertical industries to be more efficient and effective through its AI applications. Going forward, SenseTime seeks to leverage its deep learning engine and AI ecosystem to enable more breakthroughs across industries that include finance, security,Internet, business intelligence, smart phone, smart home, and smart cities in China andaround the world.	
SenseTime and Qualcomm to Collaborate to Drive On-Device Artificial Intelligence	SHEN ZHEN 每 October 20, 2017 每 SenseTime Group Limited and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM), today announced plans to collaborate on artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) for future mobile and IoT products. This collaboration will draw from the expertise of both companies in AI by leveraging SenseTime＊s ML models and algorithms with Qualcomm? Snapdragon? premium and high-tier platforms, which offer advanced heterogeneous computing capabilities for client based AI. The companies expect to drive the popularity and development of on-device AI in areas such as innovative vision and camera-based image processing.Devices such as smartphones and connected cameras are becoming more intelligent with the proliferation of AI. Implementing AI on the device provides a number of advantages over cloud-only implementations, enabling edge devices to provide reliable execution with or without a network connection. Additional benefits of on-device AI include real-time performance, privacy protection and enhanced reliability.※To develop an AI ecosystem, it takes efforts from players in multiple industries,§ said Dr Li Xu, co-founder and chief executive officer, SenseTime. ※The strategic collaboration between SenseTime and Qualcomm Technologies will advance on-device intelligence by leveraging our algorithm and Qualcomm Technologies＊ chipset. Together we＊ll push the envelope and extend AI to places that are currently beyond reach. Our strategic collaboration will become a turning point for the whole AI ecosystem."※Qualcomm has been conducting fundamental research in AI over a decade,§ said Keith Kressin, senior vice president, product management, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. ※In fact, many devices shipping today using our Snapdragon mobile platforms already utilize on-device AI. We look forward to the results of our collaboration with SenseTime to further accelerate new and exciting capabilities of on-device AI for millions of customers using mobile devices.§Currently, Qualcomm Technologies is focused on optimizing the Snapdragon mobile platform to accelerate myriad AI use cases in the areas of computer vision and natural language processing 〞 for smartphones, IoT and automotive 〞 and is researching broader executions in the areas of wireless connectivity, power management, and photography. SenseTime is a leading company in artificial intelligence and its applications. It plays an important role in deep learning algorithm innovation and has built a proprietary deep learning platform called Parrots. The company's leading technology in deep learning makes it possible to innovate and develop a variety of algorithms with low cost and quick turn-around. SenseTime has made breakthroughs in algorithm model miniaturization. Its strategic collaboration with Qualcomm Technologies is expected to drastically improve the speed and efficiency of combining algorithm and chipset, making SenseTime's AI technology more pervasive.The first public demonstration of this collaboration will be showcased exclusively in Qualcomm Technologies＊ meeting rooms at the Ritz Carlton (#23-26) during China Public Security Expo in Shenzhen, October 29 每 November 1, 2017.	
Chinese AI Unicorn SenseTime Signs Strategic Investment Agreement with Qualcomm	Beijing, China - November 15, 2017 - SenseTime, China＊s leading artificial intelligence (AI) unicorn, announces today that it has signed a strategic investment agreement with global communications giant Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM), which is pending closing. Last month, SenseTime and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, announced a collaboration for on-device AI solutions, which follows SenseTime＊s July announcement that it had raised $410 million in its Series B round of funding, setting the then-record for the highest single round of financing in the global AI industry. Boosted by this collaboration with Qualcomm Technologies＊ collaboration and pending investment from its Qualcomm parent, SenseTime＊s proprietary AI algorithms will likely be deployed in even more smartphones and devices, while the ※algorithm + chip§ strategy behind the collaboration is set to redefine the next generation of intelligent terminal devices.The explosive growth of intelligent terminals has driven the large-scale implementation of AI technology to new heights. While the performance quality of smart devices previously depended on the computing capabilities of chips, today＊s smartphones, cameras, robots, the Internet of Things (IoT) products, and other devices require extremely powerful processing in order to meet the demands of real-time data. With the formidable shared vision of SenseTime and Qualcomm Technologies to drive an ※algorithm + chip§ strategy, the two parties are on track to redefine the intelligent terminal ecosystem and accelerate its development.Quinn Li, VP and Global Head of Qualcomm Ventures said, ※Qualcomm is investing great effort into researching ways to boost the development of on-device AI with 5G technologies by enhancing AI chip capabilities. Qualcomm＊s investment will enable SenseTime to invest more in AI research and development. Given our shared vision and customers, our collaboration will offer customers more integrated solutions, reduce the cost of deploying AI technologies for intelligent device OEMs, shorten the R&D cycle, and therefore rapidly upgrade the entire terminal device industry.§Dr. Xu Li, co-founder and CEO of SenseTime, said, ※SenseTime is dedicated to developing cutting-edge AI technologies to connect upstream partners with the downstream market. With Qualcomm＊s strategic investment and collaboration, SenseTime can bring AI technologies to more terminal devices and boost the development of the entire intelligent device ecosystem. We look forward to exploring more intelligent implementations with Qualcomm Technologies to offer partners a one-stop solution that covers the entire industry chain.§During the Shang Dynasty 3,600 years ago, China led the world with its advanced agricultural and handicraft industries; SenseTime, whose name comes from the phonetic translation of Shang Dynasty and its emperor Tang, derives great inspiration from this period and seeks to unleash a similar era in computer vision and deep learning in the AI world that will also enable SenseTime to export its self-developed technologies internationally. SenseTime, with Qualcomm Technologies＊ commercial collaboration, believes it will not only enable the implementation of the ※algorithm + chip§ strategy but jumpstart an evolution from ※smartphone§ to ※intelligent phone§,?and from the ※connected world§ to the ※intelligent world§.	
Honda Partners with SenseTime to Accelerate R&D of Smart AI Cars with Autonomous Driving	December 7, 2017 每 Beijing, China 每 SenseTime, China＊s leading artificial intelligence (AI) company, announced today that they have signed a long-term development agreement with Japanese car manufacturer Honda to build smart AI cars with autonomous driving. The partnership will leverage Honda＊s vehicle control system with SenseTime＊s AI algorithms to jointly create an autonomous driving solution. The two companies also announced that they will work together to develop robot technology.SenseTime & Honda Signing Long-term Development AgreementRooted in computer vision technologies, these autonomous driving solutions can be deployed even in the absence of high-resolution maps, allowing them to cover an even wider array of driving conditions. When a vehicle is driving without a detailed map covering its trajectory, for example, it will still be able to use the self-driving function. This autonomous driving solution offers great advantages to a variety of passenger vehicle scenarios and will also lower transducer manufacturing costs.SenseTime Japan CEO Lao Shihong said, ※Safety is the number one priority when it comes to driving, and it also constitutes the core of our autonomous driving solution. By combining SenseTime＊s strengths in computer vision technologies with Honda＊s superior vehicle control technologies, we will together enable a safe and pleasant autonomous driving experience. Moreover, the fact that SenseTime provides core technology to a global enterprise like Honda marks a milestone.§A fast up-and-coming field, autonomous driving is levying new, extremely high standards on AI algorithms and development platforms as it requires extraordinary technologies to deliver such a solution. SenseTime, with a set of core technologies and patents for autonomous driving, has also developed chips and embedded systems for smart AI cars. The partnership between SenseTime and Honda is expected to accelerate the research and development of smart AI cars with autonomous driving solutions.Link to Honda＊s press release (in Japanese):http://www.honda.co.jp/news/2017/c171207c.html	
Fashionable Scientist: Dr. Xu Li Selected as the 2017 BAZAAR Men Innovative Entrepreneur	Dr. Xu Li, A Scientist after the 1980＊s. He won the Microsoft Scholar Award, presented personally by Bill Gates. In three years time, he boosts SenseTime to become an industry Unicorn valued at more than billions in USD. Thanks to him, SenseTime now provides 400 million people with Face ID, and 100 million+ mobiles with technological supports. He believes that original technology innovation can create AI business singularity.SenseTime, adding energy to hundreds of industries Connecting our lives in all aspects of intelligent business and city management. Popular Female Chinese pop singer Jike Junyi presents award to Dr. Xu Li. The annual BAZAAR Men "Men of the Year" was recently held in Beijing where Dr. Xu Li, co-founder and CEO of SenseTime, was selected as the 2017 Innovative Entrepreneur. Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma won this award back in 2009, Baidu chairman and CEO Robin Li in 2010, and XiaoMi founder Lei Jun in 2011. This year marks the tenth anniversary of BAZAAR Men "Men of the Year".In his speech, Xu Li said: "I think that current AI development allows many things exceed one＊s imagination. AI can allow us to cater to thousands of people＊s individual needs with unlimited customization. This must be the biggest difference brought out by AI, I think. With regards to fashion, the so-called fashion of today is high-end design only recognized by few people. In the future, every individual will use AI to bring out their own fashion; this is what I mean when I say that AI can bring out the biggest difference for everyone.What kind of splash will the combination of AI and fashion make?SenseTime＊s original AI technology enables scenes to become more interesting, smarter and more fashionable, and promotes a new way of interacting with internet entertainment. SenseTime＊s SenseAR technology provides a great deal of fashionistas and video anchors with the most up-to-date, most popular, coolest, personalized entertainment connections and advanced methods of expression. SenseAR special effects are the leading trend in mobile Internet, bringing the public a whole new experience in the areas of internet entertainment, online education, and fun games.Dr. Xu Li, SenseTime CEO Personally interpret SenseAR Fun Sticker Effects Foreground and Background Segmentation Effect of SenseAR Filter Effect Based on Deep Learning Algorithm.	
The ※Treasure Voyage§ of Chinese Artificial Intelligence	At the ※2017 China Entrepreneur Summit§ hosted by China Entrepreneur on December 9th and 10th, SenseTime Group＊s ※SenseKeeper§ facial recognition machine provided ※facial check-ins§ to more than one hundred leaders in the business world, including Kaifu Lee, Dongsheng Li, and Mingzhu Dong. This sophisticated, praise-winning facial recognition technology allowed guests to enjoy the efficiency and convenience of artificial intelligence (AI).Since its establishment in 2002, ※China Entrepreneur Summit§ has held 15 successful summits, each one attracting the most influential Chinese business men and women of our time. In keeping with the theme of this year＊s summit, ※Believe in the future and revitalize entrepreneurship§, the presentation given by Dr. Li Xu, cofounder and CEO of SenseTime was ※The World Facing East: The Rapid Rise of Chinese AI§, during which he presented business leaders and entrepreneurs with applause-winning original AI technology developed by China.Article byReporter Leisheng Wang, China EntrepreneurJust three days before the presentation, SenseTime and Japanese company Honda, a giant in the automotive filed ranking sixth in the world, announced that the two companies will be co-developing autonomous driving, to which SenseTime will be providing visual algorithms and development platforms.※The world is facing East§, said Dr. Li Xu, cofounder and CEO of SenseTime at the ※2017 China Entrepreneur Summit§, hosted by China Entrepreneur magazine.CEO Dr. Li Xu graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, majoring in computer vision. His speech, fun and interesting, showed the audience that he＊s not your average scientist.Dr. Li Xu showed the audience a set of data. Currently, China has more than 15,000 AI patents; 30% of the papers presented at AI summits and more than 40% of those presented at computer vision summits were published by people of Chinese descent.SenseTime and its affiliated research laboratory also contributed to this stunning percentage. Within its first 3 years of business, SenseTime presented a total of 119 papers at computer vision summits. According to Dr. Li Xu, this number not only surpassed technological giants such as Google and Facebook, but also renowned education institutions such as MIT and Stanford University.Actually, SenseTime was originally founded in the computer vision laboratory at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, led by Professor Xiao＊ou Tang. In 2014, they began developing facial recognition algorithms that had higher accuracy rates than that of human eyes. SenseTime was officially established at the end of that year.In 2016, with the rise of AI, SenseTime quickly became one of the fastest growing computer vision companies. At the end of July 2017, SenseTime announced that it had completed B rounds of financing, accumulating a total of USD $410 ?million. The company＊s current estimated value is more than USD $2 billion.Based on original technology, SenseTime successfully ushered Chinese AI into a new era by integrating fundamental research, industry combination and industry partners. Dr. Xu talked about ※reconstructing the industries§, indicating that he wants SenseTime＊s technology to be integrated and used in each industry.In the ※1+1+X§ mode put forward by SenseTime, ※X§ stands for industry potential, the first ※1§ stands for fundamental research, and the second ※1§ stands for products and solutions.※By combining technologies such as voice and natural language understanding (NLU) chains, we strive to create a complementary ecological technology platform for AI§, said Dr. Xu. He also emphasized that while SenseTime will be collaborating with more industries, the company will also accelerate the integration process of the industrial chain.SenseTime and various AI companies are faced with an enormous market. ※Just how big is the (AI) industry?§ Dr. Xu asked his audience, ※data reports have shown that by 2030, AI will contribute USD $15.7 trillion to global GDP in ten years. This figure is the sum of China and India＊s current GDP§.Dr. Xu also disclosed that 13% of SenseTime＊s business is overseas, including collaboration with business giants such as the aforementioned Honda. This suggests, to some degree, that in the future, China will be an output country for high-tech products. From low-end raw materials and cheap ※made in China§ products to the ※New Four Great Inventions§, namely high-speed rails, bikeshare, internet shopping and Alipay, Chinese AI may be able to play a new role in all of this, thanks to the support of government policy.※In the past we ※journeyed to the west§, because we relied on the west for advanced technology and industrial modes. Now, we must embark on a ※treasure voyage to§ better service other industries with advanced technology§, said Dr. Xu.Below is Dr. Xu Li＊s full speech, given at the ※2017 China Entrepreneur Summit§:SenseTime is still a startup company, and in the past three years our goal has always been to develop original AI technology that is made in China. The Shang Dynasty was the first dynasty to keep a written record, and we hope to achieve a breakthrough as great as that era. We want to revitalize the industries, and lead an AI revolution.We believe that AI can help industries reach new heights. China＊s current AI development has enabled the world to face towards the East. We noticed that foreign technology press and technological giants have all turned their attention to China＊s AI development.I will, from the global, domestic, and SenseTime＊s own perspectives, explain to you some of the changes I witnessed.Many industries have realized that in the next decade or so, global reconstruction will rely on the development of core AI technology. Some assume that AI will rule humans one day. But how do industry professionals perceive AI? In the next 10 to 15 years, AI will assist and revolutionize productivity. In a nutshell, AI is key to improving productivity and efficiency.Statistics have shown that by 2035, AI will increase the global labor force of 14 industries by 40%. If we assume that non-developed regions will not be affected by AI, the labor force increase for developed regions will be much higher than that.Just how big is this industry? According to data reports, by 2030, AI will contribute USD $15.7 trillion to global GDP; This figure is the sum of China and India＊s current GDP. Indeed, this industry has great potential. Even if we treat it as no more than a core productivity tool, it will still help markets achieve new progress.AI can greatly improve overall living standards and significantly change people＊s lives. But what is AI? What will most affect our lives in the future? SenseTime has four words to say: each person is unique.How so? Everyone performs market transactions. People spend money to buy products they see value in, but if we sell merely software and products, many would rather buy hardware or equipment because they seem to have more value.In a world where more and more customized services are becoming available for consumers, industries that provide value-added services are considered more valuable, and a great portion of these services are provided by industry professionals.AI can provide more accurate services according to each person＊s portrait, information and data. In the next decade, AI will change people＊s lives significantly by providing unique services tailored for individual need.As for China, the statistics we＊ve collected in the past boasts interesting results: for the next stage of AI development, China has more talents than the United States and Europe. These statistics were based on the number of people with an overall understanding and passion for the industry. In fact, China＊s future investment in AI will double that of western countries.In terms of AI development, at SenseTime, we believe that we must seize every opportunity. As a startup company, many people have asked us the same question, ※you spent two years becoming a unicorn, and now you＊ve exceeded everyone＊s expectations. Is your corporate goal to become the unicorn of the industry?§In truth, our goal is to build a company that endures the test of time. We want our development to stimulate core changes and introduce more momentum into industries.The following components must be present for AI to succeed, first is support by policy, which is the current trend. What kind of corporation does SenseTime want to be? We want to become a bird that rises with the wind. We are backed by policy, by capital chains, and by the society. So now, we require a breakthrough in core technology.Chinese AI is now comparable to that of western countries. China has more than 15,000 AI patents, and 30% of the papers presented at AI summits were published by people of Chinese descent. This shows the emerging power of Chinese AI.SenseTime has contributed mainly to the area of AI vison. At high-end conferences including ICCV and CVPR, more than 40% of the papers presented were published by people of Chinese descent. In the last three years, SenseTime and its affiliated research laboratory co-published 119 papers at computer vision summits - this number not only surpassed technological giants such as Google and Facebook, but also renowned education institutions such as MIT and Stanford University.Finally, capital support is crucial. Currently, we can see that Chinese startup companies are the leaders in industry development and revolution.SenseTime＊s AI can help Chinese technology expand into other countries. 13% of our business is overseas, and in the future, through data, different industries and talents, China technology will easily engage itself with the western world and output its technology, subsequently increasing the overall value of the country.Here are three secrets to the global expansion of core entrepreneurial technologies:One, talents. The AI industry may owe its success to sudden popularity, but breakthroughs aren＊t achieved in a day. In fact, even high-level AI designers who are most familiar with the industry spent a considerable amount of time accumulating the knowledge they have today. We＊ve discovered that those who accumulate significant knowledge over the years become the real experts, so the first thing to do is to train talents. This is something that most AI companies must do in the future.Two, each company must have their own unique technological breakthroughs. At SenseTime, we conduct our own R&D and deep learning hyper-calculations; we also have our own engines and generators. By combining software, hardware, and our knowledge of real-world applications, SenseTime was able to make advancements in the mechanisms of electricity generation.Three, when talking about business modes, SenseTime strives to integrate its technology into each industry, so as to complete the reconstruction of the industries. Through integration, we will be able to transform and influence the vertical market.The successful customization of services will not only improve people＊s lives, but also the overall quality of urban living.We hope to use AI technology to revolutionize the entire internet ecology, including online search, e-commerce, advertisements and entertainment.How does SenseTime see this industry in the future? SenseTime hopes to create a new ecological community for AI.First, an ecological technology community. We work in vision technology, so must create a complementary ecological technology platform for AI by combining it with various chains, such as voice, natural language understanding (NLU) and control technologies.Second, client collaboration and cooperation. SenseTime recently signed a contract with Honda to co-develop autonomous driving; you＊ll notice that technological potential is always more apparent when combined with different industries.Third, the integration of the industrial chain. For example, in the telecommunication industry we need to strategically collaborate with companies that produce chips and other equipment, such as Qualcomm.Finally, with government support and the advantages of current policies, we must seize this opportunity to make sure that the AI industry has a canvas to paint on in the future.※In the past we ※journeyed to the west§, because we relied on the west for advanced technology and industrial modes. Now, we must embark on a ※treasure voyage§ to better service other industries with advanced technology, and together, take charge in human advancement.	
SenseTime Empowers New AR Camera Feature in ※Honor of Kings§	With our proprietary SenseAR platform, SenseTime empowers a new AR camera feature in the latest version of ※Honor of Kings§, China＊s most popular multiplayer smartphone game. This brand-new feature connects virtual world with real world by allowing players to take pictures with the heroes. Such refreshing and novel gaming experience is currently available on certain smartphone models of OPPO and Xiaomi. By keeping the AR camera focused on one spot, it will scan the surface and seamlessly bring the heroes into real-life settings. Such technology is yet another prove of our high performance, high accuracy and high efficiency algorithm.	
SenseTime Forges Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation with Shanghai Jiao Tong University	On December 11, 2018, SenseTime, the world＊s largest AI pureplay company,?signed a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai Jiao Tong University.?The partnership aims to?promote AI applications in various fields and bring together innovation leaders to achieve high-level breakthroughs in AI technologies, through fostering scientific research, talent cultivation and faculty development in a complementary manner. On the same day, Co-founder and CEO of SenseTime Dr. Xu Li, also an alumnus of?Shanghai Jiao Tong University, was appointed as an adjunct professor of Shanghai Jiao Tong University. The ceremonial proceedings were witnessed by Prof. Lin Zhongqin, President?of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Prof. Mao Junfa, Vice President of Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Mr. Zhang Wen, President of SenseTime.Prof. Lin Zhongqin, President of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, said, ※Artificial intelligence is the key development area of Shanghai Jiao Tong University. SenseTime, established in 2014, has developed exponentially and made a number of significant achievements. The cooperation between the two parties not only promotes the research and development of AI-related disciplines, but also drives AI industrial applications. We believe that the academic research advantages of the university can inject new vigour into the advancement of SenseTime＊s AI technology.§ He also highly affirmed the outstanding performances of Xu Li and other alumni of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.Dr. Xu Li, Co-founder and CEO of SenseTime, said, ※My university life in Shanghai Jiao Tong University has provided me very valuable academic experience. The university plays a key role in the AI sector with its innovative spirit. It is hoped that the cooperation will help the university nurture more outstanding AI talents, and contribute to the academic research, industrial developments and applications of AI.§	
MIT and SenseTime announce effort to advance artificial intelligence research	MIT and SenseTime today announced that SenseTime, a leading artificial intelligence (AI) company, is joining MIT's efforts to define the next frontier of human and machine intelligence. SenseTime was founded by MIT alumnus Xiao＊ou Tang PhD ＊96 and specializes in computer vision and deep learning technologies. The MIT-SenseTime Alliance on Artificial Intelligence aims to open up new avenues of discovery across MIT in areas such as computer vision, human-intelligence-inspired algorithms, medical imaging, and robotics; drive technological breakthroughs in AI that have the potential to confront some of the world's greatest challenges; and empower MIT faculty and students to pursue interdisciplinary projects at the vanguard of intelligence research.SenseTime is the first company to join a new Institute-wide initiative, the MIT Intelligence Quest, since its launch earlier this month. The MIT Intelligence Quest seeks to leverage the Institute's strengths in brain and cognitive science and computer science to advance research into human and machine intelligence in service to all humanity. It will apply the fruits of its discoveries to diverse fields〞from materials design to finance to early disease diagnosis〞while considering deeply the economic, cultural, and ethical implications of AI.An essential element of the new initiative is forging connections with innovative companies and individuals who share MIT＊s passion for work in intelligence."As an MIT alumnus,?I＊m?grateful to have this opportunity to collaborate with my alma mater, especially on something that is dear to my heart〞to advance research on?artificial intelligence,§ says?Tang, who is also a professor of information engineering at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.?※SenseTime is committed to innovating in the fields of computer vision and deep learning. With the creation of the MIT-SenseTime Alliance on Artificial Intelligence,?I＊m confident that we will bring together the world＊s best and brightest talent to?further advance the state of the art for AI to the benefit of?society.§Li Xu, CEO and cofounder of SenseTime, adds, ※MIT has long been at the forefront of research into artificial intelligence. As the largest provider of AI algorithms in China, SenseTime has worked with more than 400 leading customers and partners to solve hard, real-world problems. We are very excited to join hands with MIT to lead global AI research into the next frontier.§The alliance emerges from a longstanding connection between MIT and Tang, who conducted his PhD research in underwater robotics and computer vision at the Institute more than 25 years ago, applying computer vision to the study and classification of underwater imagery. One of his advisors was W. Eric L. Grimson PhD ＊80, now the chancellor for academic advancement at MIT and the Bernard M. Gordon Professor of Medical Engineering.※Xiao＊ou has used the same practical approach to computation and artificial intelligence that he displayed at MIT to build a highly successful academic and applied research career and a tremendously successful, technologically impressive startup company in SenseTime," Grimson says.?"He has become well known throughout China and the world as a leader in the field of AI, and especially computer vision and deep learning.?Xiao＊ou has always kept MIT front of mind, both as a professor and an entrepreneur.?He has shared intellectual ideas and is ever on the lookout for impressive young talent whom he encourages to apply to the Institute. I personally am proud of Xiao＊ou＊s success and the impact he is making on the world, and look forward to a deepened, mutually beneficial relationship between MIT and SenseTime.§Anantha P. Chandrakasan, dean of the MIT School of Engineering and the Vannevar Bush Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, who recently helped to lead the development of the MIT Intelligence Quest, says, "I am thrilled that SenseTime has chosen to join us as we embark on our quest to achieve a deeper understanding of the science and engineering of intelligence and to harness that understanding to create a better world. Dr. Tang is no stranger to innovative research, and the MIT-SenseTime Alliance on Artificial Intelligence will facilitate boundary-pushing research in intelligence across the Institute and give faculty and students opportunities to unlock new thinking through intense collaboration. This is an exciting moment for both MIT and SenseTime."MIT has been on the frontier of intelligence research since the 1950s, when pioneers Marvin Minsky and John McCarthy helped establish the field of artificial intelligence. MIT pushed several major advances in the subsequent decades, from neural networks to data encryption to quantum computing to crowdsourcing, and the Institute now has more than 200 principal investigators whose research bears directly on intelligence. Currently, the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT Media Lab, Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Center for Brains, Minds and Machines, and MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society serve as connected hubs for AI and related research at MIT.Considered China's leading AI "unicorn" valued at more than US$3 billion, SenseTime has developed a sophisticated proprietary deep learning platform and built applications for multiple industries. The company has applied its core computer vision technologies, including face recognition, video analysis, text recognition, and autonomous driving, across industries such as automobile, finance, mobile Internet, robotics, security, and smartphones.SenseTime is currently working on developing autonomous driving, intelligent medical treatment, and deep learning hardware optimization. It is also strengthening its technology platform and attracting leading talent from around the world to open up greater applications scenarios and a SenseTime-driven AI commercial ecosystem. The company has offices in Beijing, Chengdu, Hangzhou, Hong Kong, Kyoto, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Singapore, and Tokyo.Link to MIT Website:http://news.mit.edu/2018/mit-sensetime-announce-effort-advance-artificial-intelligence-research-0228	 SenseTime Raises US$600 Million in Series C Funding	Bejiing, China 每 April 9, 2018 每SenseTime (the ※Company§), China＊s leading artificial intelligence (AI) company, has successfully raised US$600 million in its Series C round of funding. Alibaba Group is taking the lead role for this round of funding and other participants include Temasek and Suning. As the Company set a record by raising US$410 million in its series B round of funding last July, it once again sets a new record for venture capital funding in the AI sector.The capital injection will provide important impetus to the buildout of SenseTime＊s AI platform, advancing the company's technological innovation and opening up new business opportunities.Li Xu, SenseTime Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, said, ※SenseTime has established an AI ecosystem anchored with robust research, deep industry collaboration, and diverse partnerships. Our Round C funding will maximise these advantages by accelerating the development of a global footprint with a larger ecosystem incorporating both domestic and overseas partners. The funding will also help us widen the scope for more industrial application of AI, thus increasing the value of SenseTime＊s global ecosystem.§Joe Tsai, Executive Vice Chairman of Alibaba Group, said: "SenseTime is doing pioneering work in artificial intelligence. We are especially impressed by their R&D capabilities in deep learning and visual computing. Our business at Alibaba is already seeing tangible benefits from our investments in AI and we are committed to further investment. Our strategic partnership with SenseTime will spark more innovation and create value for society.§Currently, SenseTime＊s high-performance deep learning supercomputing platform is one of China＊s largest, boasting over 8,000 GPUs. It is able to support building models with hundreds of billions of parameters, categorizing hundreds of millions of data and training billions of images. Thanks to its innovative technologies, the Company leads the industry in a range of fields such as facial and image recognition, autonomous driving, medical imaging and deep learning hardware optimization. As to date, it has become China＊s largest AI platform company and AI algorithms supplier.In 2017, SenseTime announced a series of significant strategic partnerships in China and abroad. With Qualcomm, it initiated an ※algorithm + chip§ collaboration increasing the intelligence of smartphones and other devices. The Company partnered with Honda to provide industry-leading autonomous driving technologies. Working with Suning, the largest consumer electronics retailer in China, the Company has helped to develop the Store of Future, which leverages facial recognition for check-out free shopping as well as customer big data analysis. In February 2018, the prestigious Massachusets Institute of Technology announced that SenseTime was the first company to join its Intelligence Quest project and the two parties created an AI alliance to define the next frontier of human and machine intelligence. In March 2018, the Company formed strategic partnerships with several large Chinese state-owned enterprises based in Shanghai such as the INESA Group and Lingang Group. These developments followed from a strategic agreement that the Company signed with the municipal government of Shanghai in 2017. According to the agreement, SenseTime will leverage its AI technologies to help the city on multiple inititiatives including smart city, smart traffic, autonomous driving, and smart finance.SenseTime has established partnerships with more than 400 leading domestic and overseas enterprizes across security, fintech, automobile, retail, smartphone, mobile Internet and robotics. By broadening the possibilities of data technology and its application across industries, the Company has the potential to provide a technological leap for a range of verticals and serve as their close partner in AI transformation.	
SenseTime Publishes the World＊s First AI Textbooks for High School Students	On April 28, 2018, SenseTime unveiled the World＊s First AI Textbooks for High School Students?求※Fundamentals of Artificial Intelligence§ in Shanghai. The company aims to equip Chinese high school students with basic knowledge of AI and make it a part of the high school curriculums in China.	
Alibaba, SenseTime and HKSTP Join Hands to Advocate the Hong Kong AI Development	Hong Kong, May 21, 2018每 Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE: BABA), SenseTime and Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (※HKSTP§) announced the launch of The HKAI Lab (※Lab§). As a not-for-profit initiative, The HKAI Lab aims to advance the frontiers of AI with cutting-edge technologies and expertise, empower startups to commercialize their new inventions, and inspire new ideas and knowledge sharing among academics, scientists and entrepreneurs in the field of AI. Alibaba Hong Kong Entrepreneurs Fund, established by Alibaba to support young entrepreneurs, and SenseTime will provide funding for the operation of the Lab.The first initiative rolled out today by the Lab is a six-month Accelerator Program(※Program§). With support from Alibaba Cloud and HKSTP, the Program will provide funding, AI technologies, network and working space to prospective AI startups in Hong Kong as an effort to cultivate a local community of talent and startups in AI and data science.Joe Tsai, Executive Vice Chairman of Alibaba Group, said, ※Alibaba sees AI as a fundamental technology that will make a difference to society. We are pleased to partner with SenseTime and HKSTP to foster Hong Kong＊s AI capabilities and elevate its technology profile in the region. We envision the Hong Kong AI Lab to be an open platform where researchers, start-ups and industry participants can collaborate and build a culture of innovation. §Prof. Xiao＊ou Tang, Founder of SenseTime, said, ※We created The HKAI Lab together with Alibaba and HKSTP in support of the calling for developing the Greater Bay Area into a distinguished technological center. The Lab will serve as a platform to bridge the academia and the industry, apply AI technologies to traditional industries, and promote broader collaboration between Hong Kong and the mainland. With this platform and leading AI solutions from SenseTime, we aspire to create new opportunities for young people in Hong Kong.§Mrs. Fanny Law, Chairperson of HKSTPsaid: ※AI is a major technology focus for HKSTP. At Science Park, there are multiple AI R&D companies specialising in smart security, bio-tech, chatbots, fintech, smart logistics etc. Today, we are pleased to witness the launch of the HK AI Lab. The collaboration builds on the respective strengths of Alibaba, SenseTime and HKSTP, and also serves as a showcase of the partnership among the industry, academia, research and public bodies to drive innovation and technology.§Starting September 2018, the Program will offer two intakes per year, providing funding and resources to about 10 successful startup applicants in each intake class. SenseTime will provide deep learning platform and AI solutions to prospective startups. They will also obtain cloud computing services, machine learning platform, and IT support including GPU-equipped high-performance computer resources from Alibaba Cloud, as well as access to technologies developed by Alibaba DAMO Academy, a global research program created by Alibaba Group. In addition, they will receive advice from the Lab＊s advisory board which consists of leading AI scientists, entrepreneurs and academics. Through the Program and incubation support from the HKSTP＊s Incu-Tech program, startups enrolled will receive free working space from HKSTP. The Program will start accepting applications from mid-June 2018.For more information about the HKAI Lab Accelerator Program and requirements for applicants, please refer to the website:https://www.hongkongai.org.	
SenseTime raises US$620 million in Series C+ funding Bejiing, China - May 31, 2018 -SenseTime, China's leading artificial intelligence (AI) company, has announced the completion of its US$620 million series C+ funding round, led by prominent investment firms such as Fidelity International, Hopu Capital, Silver Lake and Tiger Global. Qualcomm Ventures and other investment firms and strategic investors participated. Thanks to yet another successful round of funding, SenseTime now enjoys a total financing of more than US$1.6 billion and a valuation of over US$4.5 billion, maintaining its position as the world's largest and most valuable AI unicorn.Having achieved profitability in 2017, SenseTime has rapidly deployed its AI technology and applications in smart cities, smartphones, Internet entertainment, automobiles, finance, retail, and other industries. Recently, the company launched the SenseDrive driver monitoring system and many other innovative products. It also launched SenseAR, China's first and only locally developed augmented reality platform, which effectively disrupts the global field of AR engines.For the last three consecutive years, SenseTime has upheld a year-on-year growth rate of 400% as it has rapidly implemented its technology across industries. This year up until May, its business contract revenue has increased by more than 10-fold so far. In the past 1.5 months or so, SenseTime signed an agreement with Shanghai Shentong Metro Group, the largest subway operator in China, to deploy AI solutions for metro traffic monitoring. SenseTime also signed a strategic agreement with the city of Chengdu to establish a regional headquarters, aligning with the Belt and Road initiative to expand and develop the western China market. Moreover, the company recently joined hands with Alibaba and Hong Kong Science & Technology Park to establish The HK AI Laboratory to help Hong Kong transform into an international center of science and innovation. In the field of education, SenseTime and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) jointly formed an AI Alliance to advance AI academic research and nurture innovation breakthroughs. SenseTime also created the world's first AI textbook for secondary schools, which will be deployed in more than 40 domestic high schools across China, among them Tsinghua University and Shanghai Jiaotong University affiliated high schools; the company will also begin the design of AI-driven courses and lab experiments to further promote and realize the technology's potential in education.With the latest fundraising, SenseTime will continue to invest in R & D and talents. Standing solidly on the treble of technology, business and capital, SenseTime is propelling the AI innovation capacity and industry to new heights.	
