Defiance Technology was invited to participate in the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium to actively promote international technical exchanges and cooperation.On June 25th, Premier Li Keqiang and French Prime Minister Philippe attended the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium in the Great Hall of the People and exchanged views with representatives from the business circles of China and France. Defiance Technology was invited as the only artificial intelligence company to participate, and President Fu Yingbo represented the company at the symposium and exchange dinner. The symposium was co-sponsored by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the French Ministry of Economics and Finance to promote exchanges and cooperation between the Chinese and French business communities. The heads of Chinese and French companies from China Dongfeng Motor Group, China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, AVIC Group, Huawei, Tencent, Vision Technology, Schneider Electric Group, and the French-French Group conducted in-depth exchanges and discussions on scientific and technological innovation cooperation between the two countries. . Li Keqiang delivered a speech after listening to the representatives of the entrepreneurs of both sides. Li Keqiang said that China and France have a traditional and long-term basis for cooperation. China strongly encourages and supports the strengthening of exchanges between Chinese and French entrepreneurs and explores broader areas of cooperation. He stressed that it is necessary to give full play to the dialogue and exchange mechanism between Chinese and French entrepreneurs, adhere to open and honest communication methods, effectively solve problems encountered in cooperation, and promote China and France to achieve new results in the field of pragmatic cooperation. It is worth noting that artificial intelligence has become a new force in the global economy. In addition to industrial manufacturing, aerospace and other national heavyweights and traditional Internet giants, the seminar also invited representatives of leading-edge technology companies such as artificial intelligence to participate in the exchange. In recent years, the rapid development of artificial intelligence has made it a new economic engine that cannot be ignored in the world and a hard indicator for measuring the core competitiveness of the next stage of the country. At present, China's artificial intelligence technology research and development and market application are already leading the world. In particular, with the support and encouragement of state-level industrial policies, a batch of artificial intelligence enterprises in China have sprung up. Defiance Technology is one of the earliest AI companies in China to use deep learning to carry out artificial intelligence application research. In less than 7 years, Despise Technology has continued to lead the independent innovation level of China's related artificial intelligence industry. Log in to the "China Unicorn" list and be at the top of the computer vision artificial intelligence company. In July 2017, Defiance was invited to participate in the semi-annual economic situation symposium hosted by Premier Li Keqiang and reported on ¡°innovation? New kinetic energy¡±. The ignorant independent original technology won high recognition from the Prime Minister. ¡ø Demonstration Technology Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi was invited to participate in the Economic Situation Expert Entrepreneur Symposium and report to Premier Li Keqiang, scorning the world's leading edge AI technology while maintaining the core technology of self-developed original technology, while despising international The basic technology output on it has also been strengthened. In May 2017, the core face recognition technology of Defiance Technology was rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies in 2017 by the famous American technology review magazine ¡°MIT Technology Review¡±. At the same time, it was listed as ¡°the world's smartest company¡±; in October 2017, Defiance of defeating international giants such as Google, Microsoft and Facebook in the MS COCO International Artificial Intelligence Competition, representing Chinese companies to the cutting edge of artificial intelligence vision; in November 2017, defiance of the first in the "Pedestrian Re-identification" core technology field Computers have more recognition capabilities than humans. In the just-concluded CVPR, the world's top computer vision conference, the contempt technology team won two championships in two challenges in the field of video semantic understanding. This time, Defiance Technology was invited to participate in the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium. On the one hand, it reflects the important strategic significance of artificial intelligence development for national development and international technology exchange and cooperation. On the other hand, it is also a high recognition of the country's contempt for technological innovation. Defiance Technology will continue to maintain its technological leadership, actively deploy overseas R&D centers, strengthen technical exchanges and cooperation with leading countries such as France, and vigorously explore overseas markets, leading the global application of advanced technologies of artificial intelligence in China. Under the background of the establishment of a comprehensive strategic partnership between China and France, the China-France Entrepreneur Symposium has established a good platform for Sino-French entrepreneurial exchanges and added new impetus to deepening bilateral relations and exploring innovative cooperation mechanisms. . China and France have broad cooperation space in the fields of information technology, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, and aerospace equipment. We look forward to the creation of more cooperation opportunities through scientific and technological innovation and joint development of the international market.Beyond DeepMind! Defiance Technology won the CVPR Challenge AVA&WAD Double ChampionAs the world's 50 most intelligent companies and original technology in the field of computer vision, Defiance Technology is always at a high level in the artificial intelligence technology challenge that participates in the world. Since winning the three world champions of face recognition in 2013, contempt has accumulated 17 AI skills evaluation champions and first place in the Challenge, and continues to write brilliantly today. During CVPR 2018, multiple challenge results were announced. Among them, Vision Technology participated in the AVA and WAD Challenges, defeated giant companies such as Google DeepMind and Nvidia, and won the "Time and Space Behavior Positioning" and "Instance Video Segmentation" champions. The AVA & WAD Challenges are designed for video semantics and autopilot issues. The Challenge not only gives Vision Technology an opportunity to showcase "technical muscles" on the international stage such as CVPR 2018, but also highlights the strong talents of the Institute. The reserve and excellent technical reserves have also laid the foundation for defying the subsequent product innovation and technology landing. Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology, wrote in his circle of friends: "The team won two task championships for the large-scale motion recognition ActivityNet Challenge and the ApolloScape (currently the largest public data) autopilot challenge. I don't know if you are participating in the competition." This not only reflects the team's super strength and amazing self-drive, but also the "fearless spirit of the ignorant" advocated by the institute. The following is a technical interpretation of the AVA & WAD Challenge by Dr. Yu Gang and others from the Institute of Science and Technology, and its impact on the product system. The AVA Challenge ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge (ActivityNet Challenge) is a large-scale challenge in the field of computer vision. It has been successfully held for three times since 2016. The ActivityNet Challenge focuses on identifying everyday and goal-oriented high-level behaviors in Internet video portals, which have been published at CVPR and presented in Workshop. ActivityNet Challenge 2018 The award-winning ActivityNet Challenge 2018 consists of six independent tasks (Tasks) designed to further extend the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Task-temporal Action Localization (Spatio-temporal Action Localization) attempts to evaluate algorithms against humans based on the AVA data set. The ability to position time-space information, where each labeled video clip is continuous and exceeds 15 minutes, contains multiple subjects, each subject has multiple behaviors; Task B is divided into #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full) A sub-challenge. In general, the difficulty of this task is to refine the action to the atomic level. It is necessary to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what action has occurred, and what interaction has occurred with other objects/people. From the results, Desperate Technology won the first place in the AVA Challenge with 0.21075 and 0.2099 in the challenge, and Google DeepMind ranked #1 (Vision Only). Dejective researcher Xu Zikai gave a technical explanation in the workshop. Yu Gang, the head of the research team of the Institute, said that the algorithm of the challenge decomposes the task of spatio-temporal action into two subtasks: 1) pedestrian position and 2) based detection The action classification of the location. The winning trick is to use the latest detection technology in the pedestrian detection sub-network, such as Light Head R-CNN; in the action classification sub-network, it combines the latest 3D convolution features, such as I3D, and traditional Two-stream network features to optimize motion classification capabilities. The AVA Challenge won the championship to a certain extent, indicating that the Institute has a strong technical reserve and an excellent talent team. The reason is that the Vision Institute has always attached importance to cultivating and improving interns and researchers through the Challenge. The ability to solve problems autonomously. Through the challenge test and screening technology matrix, strengthening the excellent technical inventory, the formation of a virtuous circle within the contempt research institute, which is one of the important factors that can be regarded as the world's top 50 smart companies and original technology. Take the step from talent to technology, the next step is from technology to product. From the perspective of the company's products, the positioning ability of behavioral spatio-temporal information has a great significance in video semantic analysis. This technology will promote the iteration and update of the contempt technology product system from the underlying factors, better connect the scene and improve The user experience provides real business value; in the future, this technology will play a powerful role in smart cities, smart retail and smart security, and realize the vision of defying technology to empower hundreds of millions of cameras. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is an autopilot recognition challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop, which includes driving area segmentation, road object detection, semantic segmentation adaptation and instance video segmentation. The computer vision algorithm's perception of the external environment; Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires the entrant to achieve instance-level segmentation of moving objects (such as cars and pedestrians) within one frame. The significance of participating in this mission is that the Challenge provides a truly unique opportunity for researchers to solve the most valuable and interesting issues in the field of autonomous driving. Based on ApolloScape, a large-scale dataset labeled by Baidu, the challenge has now opened a pixel-level semantic annotation image of 147,000 frames. It is also worth mentioning that its size is 10+ times that of the current open source dataset of the same type. The fineness has exceeded the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest release of the BDD100K dataset. In the WAD Challenge, Vision Technology won the first place with a score of 0.33986, surpassing the third chip giant NVIDIA by nearly 7 points. WAD Challenge Champion Certificate and Signature Defiance Researcher Li Zeming gave a technical explanation at the workshop. Yu Gang believes that from a technical perspective, the algorithm of the challenge mainly comes from the accumulation of current detection, according to which to optimize small objects in the scene. In the challenge, the team re-sets the anchor of the detection algorithm, which can improve the coverage of small objects, and also update some training strategies, such as higher memory utilization and data enhancement, and enhance small objects. Recall rate. Overall, the team's participation in the autopilot-related challenge reached two main goals: one was to test the versatility of the algorithm in different application scenarios, and to effectively verify the ability to despise its own algorithm; on the other hand, Tested its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double-material championship also confirmed the technical accumulation of the contempt research institute and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. From talent to technology to product landing, this logic applies to the WAD Challenge. The example segmentation technology represented by this challenge is an indispensable core component for the development of autonomous driving. Although Vision Technology is not currently involved in the field of automatic driving, it has already possessed the internationally leading core technical capabilities to broaden the strategic map and improve the future. The product system has laid a solid foundation.Exploring the black technology behind OPPO Find X Defying the true 3D solution of technologyOn the evening of June 19th, France time, the OPPO Find series, which had been quiet for 4 years, officially released the future flagship new machine, OPPO Find X, at the Louvre. Ten days later, OPPO Find X was released in Beijing. As a return to the Find series, Find X once again uses the product to interpret the OPPO's spirit of exploring the future. The radiant body, the front and back without holes and the original dual-track predicate structure make Find X a technological piece of art. This time, Find X not only continued all the advantages of the previous Find series models, but also applied 3D structured light technology in the mass production Android flagship. It became the first to get rid of fingerprints and fully rely on face recognition to unlock and pay. Android phone. Find X's face recognition application based on 3D structured light was jointly developed by OPPO Research Shanghai Software Research Center AI Lab and Vision Technology Face++, making OPPO Find X both overseas and national version with millisecond speed unlocking and 100 One thousandth of an accurate security payment function. The future Android camp can break through the 3D structure light technology bottleneck The rapid development of mobile information technology has made the mobile phone become the "five limbs" of human beings, and the user's requirements for mobile phones (especially for device security and image processing) are getting higher and higher. . People not only want mobile phones to communicate efficiently, but also hope that mobile phones can become the most loyal and trustworthy partners to record and manage their daily lives. We humans observe the three-dimensional world through two eyes. In order to let mobile phones obtain three-dimensional image information like humans, mobile phone manufacturers have successively launched a dual-camera scheme. Although binocular cameras can form three-dimensional images according to the principle of parallax, they are subject to Due to the shooting environment factors such as light and texture, the three-dimensional image generated by double-shot is not satisfactory, and it can not meet the application requirements of 3D verification. Therefore, the structured light technology that uses active projection coded light to acquire 3D information has become a key part of smart phone innovation. In applications, the entire system of 3D structured light includes structured light projection equipment, cameras, image acquisition and processing systems. Through the light emitted by the projection device to the object to be measured, the camera captures the three-dimensional light pattern formed on the object to be measured, and the captured image is processed by the acquisition processing system to obtain the three-dimensional image information of the surface data of the measured object. Simply speaking, the realization principle of 3D structured light is similar to that of the seabed detection. The sonar system determines the depth by reflecting information. However, the application of 3D structured light in mobile phone face recognition is to determine the depth information by reflecting the light on the face. of. Compared to binocular, the effect can get a more complete and more detailed depth map in the same scene. In September 2017, Apple released the iPhone X and launched a new feature called ¡°Face ID¡± for daily unlocking and Apple Pay based on 3D structured light technology. Its ¡°Liu Haiping¡± became a mobile phone manufacturer to follow suit. However, the mass-produced full-screen Android mobile phone launched at that time only imitated Apple's bangs design on the appearance. The real big killer behind the iPhone X ¡°Liu Haiping¡± is the 3D structure light depth camera module. At a media meeting on May 10 this year, OPPO demonstrated to the public the world's first 5G video call based on 3D structured optical technology, and announced that OPPO's 3D structured optical technology is already in mass production conditions. Today, the full launch of OPPO Find X not only fulfills the OPPO commitment, but also completely breaks the situation of the Android camp structure optical technology short board. This technology is no longer the exclusive function of iPhone X. Compared with iPhone X, OPPO Find X breaks through the hardware and process bottlenecks. It replaces Liu Haiping with a full-concealed 3D camera with a dual-track predecessor structure, and has cast the smart phone that is closest to the ¡°true sense of full screen¡±. Unlock + Payment? OPPO ¡Á Despise 3D Structured Light Face Recognition Application Template Compared to traditional face recognition, OPPO Find X's 3D structured light technology can be applied to many scenarios such as secure payment, 3D reconstruction, AR, games, etc. The important application is safe payment, which requires the 3D structured light face recognition algorithm to have a very high level of technology and to achieve the ultimate quality control. OPPO officially introduced the Flood illuminator, the infrared camera, the ranging sensor, and the dot projecter in the dual-track submerged structure of Find X. Using 3D structured light technology, by projecting 15,000 spots of light onto the face, a 3D depth map of millimeter precision is created for the user's face structure, which more accurately recognizes the user's biometrics and quickly compares with the owner information. A contact-free, safer unlock is achieved. It brings a more automated and safer unlocking method, and because of its high security, it has become the first Android phone that can achieve face-lift payment. Based on high-level security features, OPPO works with Alipay to select good products, confirm transactions, and pay only at a glance. Behind such high-precision detection and recognition is the credit for Face++ mobile 3D face recognition solution. Desperate Technology is the world's leading computer vision technology company. It is committed to providing different intelligent solutions for various industries through the ¡°AI+IoT¡± technology. The mobile terminal represented by smart phones is contempt. The most typical scenario for implementing empowerment with AI. Therefore, contempt is not only an IoT builder driven by artificial intelligence, but also a core AI solution provider in the mobile phone industry. "60% of the world's cameras are used on mobile phones." Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of the Technology Cloud Division, said: "In the short term, the primary task of contempt is to empower the world's billion cameras, so the mobile phone market must be The main battlefield." In the middle of 2017, Vision Technology began to lay out the mobile phone market, and then based on core deep learning and computer vision technology, launched face payment, face recognition unlock, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, video beautification, 3D A range of mobile AI products, such as Animoji, to meet the needs of different mobile phone manufacturers in face unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing. In the development of OPPO Find X 3D structured light face scheme, OPPO is regarded as providing three main algorithm model structures, including multi-scale and multi-feature attention detection model, and mobile convolutional neural network ShuffleNet based on self-research. Custom-developed live detection models and adaptive solutions for adaptive network and multi-model fusion. In order to meet the OPPO's ultimate product demand, the defying technology mobile phone unlocking team fought for several months, completed more than one billion face data training and 600,000 benchmark tests, and finally achieved a speed recognition of 0.1 seconds and a 0.03 second reconstruction. And high-precision safety facial recognition with a misrecognition rate of less than one in a million. Defiance of technology mobile phone business product manager said: "We must fully consider the ever-changing application environment of mobile phone users, truly understand the needs of customers and find the best solution. For example, in unlocking the scene, the system should be able to intelligently perceive whether the user is not To really unlock, we have to constantly pay attention to detect whether the user has closed eyes or facial features, etc." OPPO Find X equipped with Vision Technology 3D structured light face recognition scheme can pass the front RGB, infrared and The structured light camera simultaneously collects the color picture, infrared picture and 3D information of the face, and quickly extracts the personal security identification feature from the input face infrared feature information and depth information, and the security feature has 10000+ dimension information, and the algorithm will The extracted security information matches the security information at the time of entry to determine whether the security certification is passed. In terms of experience, whether it is input or unlock is completed in an instant, even in the dark environment, the unlocking efficiency is greatly improved compared with the current face recognition. In terms of security, contempt for the 3D structured light face recognition scheme can effectively resist attacks in the form of photos, videos and even customized silicone masks and 3D print masks, whether in unlocking or in payment applications. Save the straight man to create high-energy portraits and 3D reconstruction is the key. In addition to 3D structured light face recognition unlocking and payment applications, Vision Technology also provides customized static lighting products for OPPO Find X cameras and photo albums. . The OPPO Find X block-level portrait proofs displayed in the conference, the technical work behind it is not simple. Since the front camera mainly serves the self-timer, the characteristic light effects in the contempt scheme mainly include the makeup room light of the simulated dressing room ring-filling lamp, the whitening light of the intelligent incremental skin color, and the partial color light of the background black-and-white processing. It supports the white wall light that replaces the background, the red and blue two-color light that meets the young user, and the Rembrandt light that can be combined with the shooting environment to comply with the natural light rules. In addition to the portrait, there is also a need for still life or landscape image processing, so the post-static effect includes film light, shadow light, two-color light, dimming light and white wall light. In addition, contempt has also been added for Find X. Rainbow Light is the unique light effect of the post-processing of the album. At present, the iPhone X's portrait light technology is mainly used in high-end iPhone models with dual-camera or structured light. It has a strong dependence on hardware, but the final result may not meet the user's needs, especially in removing the background. In the stage light effect, the ambiguity of the apple portrait light effect scheme is more prominent. This is because Apple's portrait light effect is processed according to the distance between the subject and the camera, so it is easy to put things on the same level as the portrait into the post-image processing range, but this is obviously not the real needs of the user. . What users want is to be able to accurately enhance the light effects of portraits and facial features, rather than simply layering people and backgrounds through depth of field. Starting from the pain point of consumers, Vision Technology Face++ uses the advantage of the algorithm to launch the portrait light product of the standard apple. The overall scheme is three-dimensional reconstruction of human face, human body segmentation, depth of field estimation, face key point detection, facial three-dimensional light rendering, T More than 20 technologies, such as high-light highlighting and background protection, can be combined with single-camera, dual-camera, or 3D structured light, TOF, NIR and other depth cameras. However, from the current portrait processing effect, it is possible to achieve a studio-level professional light effect on a 2D single-camera mobile phone, and is superior to the portrait light effector iPhone X?. Different from Apple, the contemptuous portrait light products are not dependent on hardware and therefore more extensive. They can support different platforms and models, and can meet the requirements of front- or rear-mounted single-camera/double-camera applications at the same time. Diversified market demand. ¡°The key to ignoring the portrait light effect product is the image and 3D facial reconstruction.¡± The manager of the Vision Technology Light Effect Product mentioned, ¡°The specific method is to separate the person in the two-dimensional image from the background by an algorithm. The structure light capture and neural network are used to perform three-dimensional reconstruction on the face in the portrait to generate a depth map. The system can enhance the naturalness of the portrait light effect by completely separating the portrait and the background and having the depth map of the face 3D information. Let the light effect naturally transition from the face to the hair, shoulders, arms, body and other areas. The user can choose different light effect modes to control the type, quantity, position, color temperature, light intensity and color of the light source during the post-processing. The advantage of this is that the artifacts achieved by the algorithm are more accurate than the human body obtained by the depth of field alone, which can protect the background from the occurrence of impurities. Technology should be perceived only when needed. Therefore, OPPO has always advocated simplicity and simplicity, and used the concept of art to create the ultimate product. Often, the seemingly minimalist product design has used more thoughts. OPPO Find X has started the first shot of the Android camp's 3D structured light production, and with the popularity of face unlocking and payment applications, it is foreseeable that 3D structured light face recognition will soon be able to replace fingerprints, passwords or PIN code has become the mainstream biometric solution for future mobile risk management. In the future, the combination of artificial intelligence applications and mobile terminals will become more and more tight, and OPPO and Vision Technology Face++ will jointly explore technologies and product development in the field of mobile AI, based on secure payment, 3D reconstruction and image processing to deeper scenes. penetration.Devotion of Science and Technology Yinqi was selected in the MIT TR "35 people under the age of 35 scientific and technological innovation" to lead China's AIOn the morning of June 27th, US local time, the US authoritative sci-tech journal MIT Technology Review officially announced the list of "2018 Global Innovation 35 Undernovators Under? 35 2018". Among them, India, one of the 35 young people under the age of 35, and the co-founder and CEO of Vision Technology, also entered the list, becoming the representative of outstanding young entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence. Since 1999, MIT TR has launched the ¡°35 Technology Innovation Under 35¡± list every year, aiming to select the 35 youngest people who are considered to be the most talented, innovative and most likely to change the world. Technology innovators or entrepreneurs are divided into five categories: inventors, entrepreneurs, visionaries, humanistic caregivers and pioneers. Gideon Lichfield, editor-in-chief of MIT TR, said: "The MIT Technology Review has always been concerned with technological breakthroughs that have the potential to change our lives. Innovators Under? 35 is to recognize the outstanding young people behind these innovative technologies, we hope these Excellent young people can truly bring innovation and technology to the world. As early as 2010, Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology, has won the title of Innovators Under?35; the China area released by MIT TR at the end of January this year. In the list of ¡°35 people under 35 years of technological innovation¡±, Inge also selected this list as an entrepreneur in the field of artificial intelligence in China. With the outstanding development achievements of Inge and Despise in the world, MIT TR Invented India as the outstanding young entrepreneur in the field of artificial intelligence, and the only entrepreneur in China's artificial intelligence field to be selected for this list. Artificial intelligence is now a hot topic in the world; and in 2011 When this field is still quiet, Yin Qi, who just graduated from college, has already built artificial intelligence. Dedicated to the direction of entrepreneurship and even life, we created the Vision Technology together with two other university students, and committed to making artificial intelligence create more beautiful for the human world. Since its establishment, Inch has led the contempt for technological innovation and business practice. It has achieved fruitful results, and contempt has also developed into a leading global artificial intelligence technology company. In the selection of 35 people in the 35-year-old technology innovation youth in China, Inge said that he divided his artificial intelligence journey into two Stage: research and development of AI key technology and entrepreneurial stage, and technological innovation is the most important driving force of scientific entrepreneurs. Therefore, in the past 7 years of entrepreneurship, Inge has always made artificial intelligence technology breakthrough as the axis of belief of the company, prompting contempt In the top international AI competitions, we have beaten giants such as Google, Facebook and Microsoft, and won 16 world technology evaluations. We have more than 700 patents granted at home and abroad, making it the largest artificial intelligence original technology in China. One of the companies. In 2017, the MIT Science and Technology Review also named the face recognition technology despised as ¡°the world's top ten breakthroughs¡±. "Sexual technology", and despise also entered the "50 most intelligent companies in the world" in the same year. Inge hopes to despise the use of artificial intelligence to create more beautiful in the world, the core of which is Chinese autonomy From the perspective of entrepreneurship, Inge believes that technology must combine real-life scenarios to create value. This is an inherent requirement for technology to improve the world, and an important way to reverse technological innovation. Despise is the earliest in the world. One of the artificial intelligence enterprises that implements face recognition products with deep learning technology. It has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched face recognition in various vertical fields. A number of groundbreaking AI products, including payment, face recognition unlocking, and full-frame smart capture. Now, Yinqi is leading the devotee to the computer vision technology such as face recognition and image recognition, deeply combining the three fields of consumer terminal, city management and retail logistics, and empowering urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles. The digital and intelligent IoT data network promotes the development of artificial intelligence technology in China and around the world. The outbreak of artificial intelligence has set off a wave of the fourth technological revolution, and in addition to the technical protagonists as always, each technology leader can not ignore the technological innovations that promote technological innovation and application. Inch is using its own innovative entrepreneurial practices to make contempt grow into the world's top artificial intelligence company, and also make China a pillar force for improving human society. Defiance Technology's wholly-owned acquisition of Ai Ruisi officially entered the intelligent robot business In order to enhance the intelligent manufacturing innovation capability and further improve the AI+IoT layout, Face++ fully acquired the Ares robot and officially entered the intelligent robot. business. Ares robot is committed to the development of core technologies such as intelligent robots, artificial intelligence, and big data, and strives to provide competitive products and solutions for customers in the fields of logistics warehousing and smart factories. Its core technical team members graduated from well-known universities such as Tsinghua University, Beihang University, Harbin Institute of Technology, and Beijing Institute of Technology. They have rich technical accumulation in robotics, intelligent hardware, artificial intelligence, machine vision, big data, cloud computing, etc. Industry work experience. In 2017, Ai Ruisi established its own robot production line, and cooperated with Xinyi Technology, Kejie Logistics and other partners to build a smart warehouse, and successfully applied to the Foxconn factory. In less than a year, Ai Ruisi's products and solutions have been applied to multi-home appliance logistics and warehousing and smart factories. In the e-commerce warehousing, it has successfully withstood the pressure of major festivals such as ¡°Double 11¡± and ¡°Double 12¡±. test. In addition, Ai Ruisi storage robot has also won the 2017 China Electronic Commerce Logistics Best Technology Equipment (Intelligent Robot) Award. Machine vision is one of the fastest growing branches of artificial intelligence and an important technology for developing smart manufacturing. Defiance and Iris have started technology and product cooperation since 2017. Defiance has provided Erics with deep learning-based machine vision and intelligent scheduling algorithm technical support to improve the intelligence of logistics robots and enhance the efficiency of human-computer cooperation. Improve production efficiency, change the business model of warehousing management, and despise the strategic investment in Iris in the same year. This time, Ai Ruisi will join the scorn business matrix, which will provide more abundant and smarter products and solutions for logistics warehousing and smart factories. On the other hand, it will actively explore intelligent robots and new retail and industry associations. Integration of other fields. Previously, I have already had deep cooperation with brands such as Foxconn, Rookie Network, Flash, Convenience Bee, KFC, etc. I believe that with the official development of the scorn robot business, under the vision of ¡°Enhancing the Eye of the Machine and Building the City Brain¡± More and more business scenarios will be unlocked, creating more possibilities for a better life in the city.Defiance of technology into Wuhu to build China's benchmark "AI+IoT" smart city demonstrationOn July 24th, China's artificial intelligence leading technology company scorned technology and Wuhu Municipal People's Government signed a cooperation agreement, Defiance Technology will be registered in Wuhu to establish a subsidiary to promote the development of artificial intelligence industry in Wuhu City. The main leaders of the Wuhu Municipal Party Committee and the government, and the co-founder and CEO of the Vision Technology Co., Ltd., the co-founder and CTO of the Vision Technology Co., Ltd., Tang Wenbin, and the president of the company, Fu Yingbo, attended the testimony. According to the agreement, after the technology is settled in Wuhu, it will rely on its top technology research and development level and industry-leading landing plan, focusing on smart city, smart logistics, smart new retail, artificial intelligence talent training, artificial intelligence industry fund and other aspects of the project. Construction; Wuhu Municipal Government will also provide strong support for contempt in the areas of artificial intelligence industry development policy, industrial base infrastructure, R&D equipment, technology and talent introduction. The two sides will jointly promote the rapid rise of the artificial intelligence industry in Wuhu City, comprehensively improve the development level of the leading industries and strategic emerging industries in Wuhu City, and provide strong support for Wuhu to create ¡°the Pearl of the Pearl River and the City of Innovation¡±. Recently, the People's Government of Anhui Province issued the "Anhui New Generation Artificial Intelligence Industry Development Plan (2018-2030)" (hereinafter referred to as "Planning"), and proposed the industrial layout of "one core, two places and more points" to create a radiation-free province. Artificial intelligence industry cluster. According to the "Planning" arrangement, Wuhu has become another artificial intelligence town that Anhui will focus on after the core city of Hefei. Defiance has also become the first artificial intelligence enterprise to enter Wuhu after the introduction of the ¡°Planning¡±. At present, contempt and Wuhu Municipal Government have reached a number of consensuses in the construction of artificial intelligence related projects. The two sides plan to set up a smart logistics research institute in Wuhu to promote the upgrading of Wuhu warehousing logistics industry and the development of intelligent equipment manufacturing industry; Construction, establish a model city in the new wave of national retail development; build a city super brain computing center, build a domestic benchmark ¡°AI+IoT¡± smart city; build an artificial intelligence college to accelerate the cultivation of artificial intelligence, big data and other professional and technical talents And the application of talents in the industry; the establishment of Wuhu contempt artificial intelligence industry investment fund, attracting national artificial intelligence enterprises to enter Wuhu, forming an industrial agglomeration effect. The artificial intelligence industry has become a key driving force for economic transformation and boosting the development of the real economy. All cities in the country are paying close attention to the development trend of the artificial intelligence industry and actively promoting the construction of related fields. As the leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China, Vision Technology has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched face recognition payment and face recognition in various vertical fields. A number of groundbreaking AI products, including unlocked, full-frame smart capture machines. In terms of business landing, the company is committed to building an urban brain that empowers various industries with the core of AI+IoT's Smart IoT-based Perception Network to promote the development of artificial intelligence technology in China and globally. Settled in Wuhu, contempt will further implement the AI+IoT strategy and promote the all-round development of China's smart economy with urban-level artificial intelligence applications.