How does a smart office change the work scene? How does artificial intelligence affect the future? Nowadays, the impact of artificial intelligence on all walks of life is very large. We can appreciate the influence of artificial intelligence from all aspects. For example, the emergence of smart offices can bring more convenient experiences to all occasions of work and different application areas. At the same time, these changes will continue to affect our lives. In the past, there was no emergence of artificial intelligence technology in our lives. Through the development of science and technology, artificial intelligence technology has been continuously popularized in various fields of life and work, and has played a greater role in more scenes. The emergence of a smart office is one of them. Maybe we have never imagined that the future office will be like this, and there is absolutely no association with AI technology that can exist around us like ordinary living habits. Today's smartphones, as well as social networks, and more intelligent technologies, are constantly changing our lives while providing more important models and channels for our lives. Nowadays, many companies are constantly moving closer to AI, approaching the new development of artificial intelligence technology, and more and more important significance. Nowadays, a problem that many companies are discussing is whether artificial intelligence technology can be spread to more categories, or whether everyone can be treated fairly. These problems need to be explored. After all, taking the smart office, not every region, everyone can enjoy it. On the contrary, there are only some high-end office occasions, this type of smart office, this is also the need for enterprises to solve of. They need to find a better solution, how to spread these employee intelligence technologies to more different workplaces, and jointly cooperate with various governments or organizations to solve the artificial intelligence deployment plan, so that the system is more Many social groups bring real benefits. In addition to the smart office, there are more places to explore in the future artificial intelligence market, and this technology will continue to affect our lives. But whether this technology can affect everyone from a large field, a higher level, or a smaller life, requires more people with lofty ideals to explore. In the process, I believe that the development of artificial intelligence technology will become more and more rapid. In the future, more and more different products and new technologies will be put into more fields. We look forward to this process.Defiance Technology won the "2018 National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise"On July 17, 2018, according to the latest review results announced by the State Intellectual Property Office, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. was named "2018 National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise", and Baidu, BOE, and Beiqi New Energy were also selected in the same period. And other companies. It is understood that with the top core self-research technology and patent advantages, this is also the glory after the company was selected as ¡°National Intellectual Property Advantage Enterprise¡± in 2017. Defiance of technology was selected as ¡°National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise of 2018¡± It is understood that the ¡°National Intellectual Property Advantage Demonstration Enterprise¡± selection is mainly for key enterprises with certain influence in the region, and around the creation, application, management and protection of intellectual property rights of enterprises. In the dimension, the enterprise's intellectual property output orientation, output quantity, output quality, and patent implementation status are evaluated. The selected enterprises are all evaluated through the national intellectual property advantage enterprise intellectual property evaluation index system. Defiance technology deep-seated self-research technology and patent layout Defiance Technology As an artificial intelligence enterprise with machine vision as its core, its independent research and development of computer vision technology, intelligent hardware, intelligent cloud services and other products have reached the world's leading level. It has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched a number of vertical areas including face recognition payment, face recognition unlock, full frame smart capture machine Groundbreaking AI products. Among them, the core face recognition technology of Sci-Tech Self-study has been rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies in 2017 by the famous American technology review magazine MIT Science and Technology Review, and the Vision Technology has also entered the list of the world's 50 most intelligent companies. ". In April 2018, Yin Qi, founder and CEO of Vision Technology, was selected as the most influential person in the field of intellectual property in 2017. It is worth mentioning that Vision Technology pays great attention to patent layout while focusing on technology and product development. According to the data, at present, Vision Technology has submitted more than 700 patent applications related to artificial intelligence in China, the United States, India, Europe and other countries and regions, including more than 40 US patent applications and nearly 300 patents, which has become an artificial intelligence industry. One of the companies with the most independent intellectual property rights. Specifically, the patented layout of Vision Technology covers various technical levels such as training engine, core algorithm, basic platform, and intelligent products, and uses core algorithms as a link to form a cross-financial security, smart city, mobile phone intelligence, and commercial property. Patent packages for five major industries, such as industrial robots. Artificial intelligence is an area with intensive technological innovation. In order to better protect technological innovation, Defiance Technology adopts a patented layout model of ¡°point and face combination¡±, that is, strengthening the patent layout of core algorithm innovation on ¡°point¡±. In the "face", not only pay attention to the patent layout based on the key innovation of the product, but also take into account the patent layout of the peripheral innovation of the product, and the quality of patent application is continuously improved. With the self-developed technology and mature patent layout, the company has been selected as the key demonstration enterprise of Zhongguancun intellectual property rights and Beijing patent by Zhongguancun Intellectual Property Promotion Bureau, Beijing Municipal Intellectual Property Office and China State Intellectual Property Office. Demonstration units and national intellectual property advantage enterprises. Among the Chinese unicorn enterprises selected by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Defiance Technology has also been rated as the head unicorn enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China for two consecutive years. The industry believes that artificial intelligence has become a new engine of innovation growth in China, which embodies China's overall technological innovation strength and plays a pivotal role in industry transformation, innovation and upgrading. As an artificial intelligence ¡°unicorn¡± enterprise that leads the industry to change and innovate, in the future, Defiance Technology will give full play to the advantages of the national intellectual property advantage model enterprise in 2018, further enhance the quality of its patent application and layout, and use more high-value labor. Intelligent patents help the development of enterprises and help the "scientific and technological powers" strategy.Defying Technology Face++ Hosts 3D Visual Industry Pioneer Seminar Explore the depth of the worldOne of the reasons why the forward steps of the human world will never stop is that we always have endless delusions about the future. Especially in the moment when various new technologies are emerging, what kind of world will the future be? On August 8th, 2018, the ¡°Exploring the Unknown Deep 3D Visual Industry Pioneer Seminar¡± (hereinafter referred to as ¡°Seminar¡±) organized by Vision Technology was officially held in Beijing Defiance Headquarters. ¡¤ 3D is now the theme, and the application and development of ¡°AI+3D¡± in the digital world in the future will be jointly developed by Vision Technology Face++ and Bellus 3D, Altizure, Mirror Digital Technology and Amers Semiconductor's 4 3D industry pioneers. Looking ahead. In the future, a world of deep human-computer interaction driven by AI and 3D will soon be born. In the process of gradually perfecting the digital world, 3D technology is an engine that promotes the integration of industrialization and informationization, and is a powerful driving force for industrial upgrading and independent innovation. According to market forecasts, the global 3D market is expected to reach US$389.2 billion in 2022, and the 3D industry is rapidly emerging. On the other hand, the explosion of artificial intelligence technology has accelerated the transformation of human-computer interaction. The key prerequisite for the machine to simulate human perception, decision-making and execution behavior is to have the visual ability of the machine to observe the three-dimensional space like a human. In the future, man-machine coexistence will become more common and machines will be more intelligent. Thus, AI combined with 3D to change the traditional 2D plane world cognition of the machine, allowing the machine to build a comprehensive and profound 3D information perception and understanding of the real world, will become especially important. In 2017, iPhone X's Face ID technology based on 3D visual perception brought powerful face recognition unlocking and payment new applications, and successfully launched a new wave of AI and 3D innovation development. However, in the forefront of the new wave, Apple is not the only one. Vision Technology Face++ is actively exploring the 3D field. By developing the backbone technology of AI+3D and integrating the upstream and downstream resources of the industry, it has established its leading development in the great transformation of 3D transformation. Position. According to the data, from 2017 to 2018, the market share of smartphones equipped with 3D sensor modules has increased from 38 million units to 142 million units due to the leadership of iPhoneX. It is expected that the market share will increase to 905 million units by 2020. From 3% to 38%. Among them, the application of 3D sensing module on Android mobile phones will become a powerful driving force for growth, and the market share will increase from 7 million units in 2018 to 465 million units in 2020. Deliberately released a mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution at the seminar, devoting its deep insight into the industry and mobile 3D innovation practices, the industry's first release of the "soft and hard" mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution From algorithm innovation, application development, equipment manufacturing to solution creation, it explains the latest and most comprehensive development of ¡°AI+3D¡±. Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology's Face++, said: "Although there are many types of application cases in the field of mobile 3D vision, the overall solution of software and hardware including algorithms and modules is still absent. Technology is experimenting with a top-down integration solution.¡± Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology, released a new intelligent 3D-aware solution in the scorn of the soft and hard integrated mobile smart 3D product solution, the top The first layer is a 3D application. In the practice of enabling mobile AI technologies such as mobile phones, contempt for the accumulation of end-users and user groups in applications such as unlocking, payment, photography, entertainment and VR/AR applications, and these applications There is a need for blessing of 3D technology to ensure fluency and security during use. To this end, contempt for the development of face recognition, object detection, face 3D reconstruction, human 3D reconstruction, object geometry measurement, etc. based on the original MegBrain deep learning engine and ShuffleNet mobile neural network framework at the "soft" end algorithm level. A set of AI+3D underlying algorithms; secondly, in terms of implementation capabilities, the requirements for depth calculation, depth restoration, depth optimization, calibration, distortion correction, etc. for different application scenarios are degraded, and the integrated structure light, TOF, binocular, etc. are different. The sensor module is designed to provide a rich solution based on dual, three, and deep shots. ?OPPO Find X mobile phone adopts the mobile 3D product solution based on OPPO FaceKey 3D structured light. OPPO Find X provides 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light effect. It is worth noting that Vision is also working with module sensor manufacturers such as Amers and other mainstream chip manufacturers to develop new mobile terminal core hardware to enhance the adaptability of algorithms to hardware devices and improve their own "hard". strength. The mobile-side 3D-aware full-stack solution that despise "soft and hard" is a relatively complete business design from AI+3D algorithm to hardware to solution in 3D vision. As Wu Wenzhao said, the transformation of mobile 3D technology It is not open to contempt, but it is using the original technology from China to provide cutting-edge and comprehensive 3D technology for the industry, leading the trend of 3D development in the world. Exploring the depth of the world Sharing the 3D innovation in the future In the future, mobile phones are just one of the application terminals in the huge 3D empire. With the rapid development of technological innovation and IoT devices, 3D will also generate innovative applications in more fields of the industry. In the roundtable discussion of "Exploring the depth of the world - 3D innovative applications", Wu Wenyi, senior vice president of Vision Technology, and Eric Chen, co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, co-founder and CEO of Altizure, Fang Tian, ??Dianjing Digital Technology Co-founder and CEO Hong Wei, Chen Pinglu, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Almes Semiconductor Greater China, shared the 3D innovation practices and ecological outlook. From left to right, Mr. Wu Wenzhao, Senior Vice President of Face++ Technology, Eric Chen, Co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, Chen Pinglu, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Ames Semiconductor Greater China, and Fang Tian, ??Co-founder and CEO of Altizure? Hong Wei, co-founder and CEO of Digital Digital Technology. Bellus3D, Altizure and Mirror Digital Technology are pioneering technology companies in the 3D industry. They have strong technical strength in 3D face scanning product development, urban-level physical 3D reconstruction and VR/AR applications relying on light field technology. Among them, Eric Chen, co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, has been working in the 3D field for 30 years and was one of the founders of Apple's Quicktime VR project. When talking about the current development and future trends of the 3D industry, he analyzed that the level of technology and hardware R&D in the 3D industry has reached a new height. Being a 3D scanner is not as expensive and difficult as it used to be. When the future is a 3D manpower In the case of scanners, 3D applications are naturally enriched by the diverse needs of individuals. Altizure co-founder and CEO Fang Tianze believes that the future 3D application of killer is to collect the 3D of the whole world and create a platform for quickly collecting 3D information of business scenes and life scenes, which will help users to develop 3D according to the development. Innovative applications. Hong Ying, co-founder and CEO of Digital Mirror Technology, looks forward to the future of 3D applications from the perspective of life: "We are looking for people to see more realistic 3D reconstruction. In the future, everyone can open this mobile phone, Weibo can directly put this three-dimensional Stars are brought home; when you watch the live broadcast, you enter a more realistic 3D scene. Virtual reality and augmented reality will subvert our life experience.¡± In 3D hardware manufacturing, Amers Semiconductor Greater China sales and market Chen Pinglu, vice president, believes that ¡°miniaturization and integration¡± is a road without an end. At the same time, following the outbreak of mobile phones, Chen Pinglu believes that the automotive field will be the next large application market for 3D sensing. For the ecological construction of the 3D industry, five companies have reached a consensus on ¡°gradual improvement of the 3D industry ecology in the next three years¡±. Wu Wenzhao concluded that in the 3D industry ecological construction, creating an open platform like Face++ to share the industry's cutting-edge technology is the main point of solving the problem; on the other hand, vertically integrating 3D industry algorithm vendors, hardware vendors and application platforms have become industrial development. The next important job. Rejecting on paper to lead the industry with industry practice Defiance Technology is an industry-based solution provider that focuses on artificial intelligence technology and is committed to providing leading-edge artificial intelligence algorithms and solutions to industry users worldwide. Based on core deep learning and intelligent sensing technology, Desire Technology hopes to use AI+IoT to enable urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles to build a digital and intelligent IoT system to provide real business value for industry users. Layout 3D field is the latest move to despise the realization of AI+IoT enabled mobile phones, and is also an important step to create a digital and intelligent world in the future. At present, contempt has been combined with partners to make a variety of advanced 3D applications and solutions a reality, and to achieve large-scale commercial use. On June 19 this year, the domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturer OPPO released the OPPO Find X model at the Louvre in Paris, France. The mobile phone is equipped with a 3D structured light face recognition solution provided by contempt, which marks the 3D structured light technology in Android. Applications in mobile phones are beginning to enter the mass production era. Since then, at the 2018 MWC exhibition held in Shanghai on June 27th, vivo has also released TOF 3D super-sensing technology, which is also supported by the 3D face modeling algorithm provided by Vision Technology. And at the press conference, Vision and vivo also launched a complete set of mobile 3D innovations, including the first in the industry to achieve a fully available, and truly rely on (TOF) 3D camera solution for secure payment, 3D beauty, 3D Applications such as plastics and 3D lighting have defied the era of consumer-grade 3D products with their own innovation. In addition, at this year's Yunqi 2050 summit, contempt has also been combined with Altizure to carry out a panoramic 3D reconstruction of Hangzhou Yunqi Town. Defiance Technology hopes to create real-available algorithms and products through the combination of AI empowerment and 3D depth information, helping machines to provide humans with more convenient and intelligent services. In the mobile phone field, the combination of AI and 3D depth vision has brought us unlimited imagination, and with the in-depth exploration of the scene, the development of 3D data and the upgrade of sensing devices, this combination will be produced in more fields. Unbelievable 3D application innovation. Defiantly, by integrating the upstream and downstream resources of the industry, the software and hardware integrated full-stack 3D sensing solution can be applied to more industries, so that 3D can truly enter every corner of the human world.We should know about real-name authentication. First, before we elaborate on real-name authentication, let's take a look at a brief overview of real-name authentication on the web. Real-name certification is an identity certification system that has begun to emerge in recent years. As is known to all, in the past decade, China¡¯s society has developed rapidly, and China¡¯s major industries have become more and more prosperous. Behind the prosperity, identity authentication for individuals and businesses is particularly important. So why do you want to mention real-name authentication? Perhaps the real name certification in our real life is that when you register on a platform on the Internet, you need to provide your own personal information. When you purchase a phone card, you need personal information. But real-name certification is more than just that. Why should we pay attention to real-name certification? We can think that on the Internet, if the real-name authentication system is not strict enough, involving money, most people provide false information. When some people are mourning, leading to economic crime fraud, etc., it will definitely lead to our personal economy. Losses are difficult to recover, and law enforcement officials are also unable to solve the serious consequences of timely and effective resolution. In real life outside the Internet, real-name authentication also shows an important role. Real-name authentication can speed up the identification of individuals and corporate legal persons, avoiding some problems and some criminal phenomena. For example, the anti-addiction system in online games. What is the use of real-name authentication? Real-name certification is conducive to the supervision of the industry authorities to combat various crimes; secondly, real-name certification can greatly reduce the probability of fraud, embarrassment, personal attacks and other issues; in addition, real-name certification can speed up the identification of individuals and corporate legal persons, shortening Communication time; finally, the strict implementation of real-name certification is conducive to the establishment of a harmonious social management ecological environment. In today's social development, in the aspect of the Internet, the importance of real-name authentication has become increasingly prominent. For real-name authentication, we should know more about the specific situation of authentication, understand the importance of real-name authentication, and pay attention to protecting personal identity information. With reasonable and effective government management, our social development can develop healthily.From the advent of the "brushing era", look at the true portrayal of Chinese AI. People who know the history of science and technology know that the initial application scenarios of any revolutionary technology, including computers, the Internet and smart phones, basically occurred in military industry, government and In certain areas such as medical care, when the technology matures, it will evolve into a mass product ? but I don¡¯t know if you are aware. In recent years, thanks to deep learning algorithms and big data, the rapid evolution of technology maturity has made many AI technologies The process of mass transformation is very short-lived, such as face recognition. Recently, an article in the People¡¯s Daily pointed out: ¡°Now, from attendance, shopping, to flying, staying at a hotel, and even adopting pensions, it¡¯s no longer a joke to eat by face.... Face recognition is going out of the experiment on a large scale. The room, walking into all walks of life, convenient life, reduced costs, improved efficiency, and thus gradually become the 'standard' in people's daily life. In fact, this is not difficult to understand, for face recognition and security The fast-related new technology species, how fast the public acceptance, depends largely on how familiar the application scenario is, and just like the popularity of fingerprint recognition in the past, benefiting from the good market education work of mobile phone manufacturers such as Apple, In a very short time, face recognition is a more rapid, safe, and even cooler way of recognition, which has been highly recognized by the public. Today, face recognition has been taken for granted in both the public and personal spheres. However, what does not match this popular cognition is that the strong chasing identity of the industrial era has caused many people to ignore one point: in the field of face recognition, China has actually entered the first echelon. Recently, the international authoritative market insight report Gen Market Insights released the "Global Face Recognition Equipment Market Research Report" said: China's face recognition production value in 2017 accounted for 29.29% of the world's market share, and will reach 44.59% in 2023. The data from Ai Media Consulting also shows that the size of China's computer vision market in 2017 is 6.8 billion yuan. It is estimated that the market size will reach 78 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 125.5%. More importantly, China¡¯s protagonist on the face recognition track is not only reflected in market share (you can of course say it is part of the demographic dividend), but also the technology itself: Chinese companies like Baidu have relied on The face detection deep learning algorithm PyramidBox, in the world's authoritative face detection public evaluation set WIDER FACE's "Easy", "Medium" and "Hard" three evaluation subsets have won the top spot, refreshing the best results in the industry; not only that, Looking through the scientific information about face recognition, you can frequently see Chinese companies in international rankings of different latitudes and different metrics. People can't help but ask, how did all this happen? The answer is actually very simple. China's position in face recognition ? and the entire echelon of artificial intelligence ? stems from the continued technological investment of Chinese technology companies and the proliferation of rich scenes. ability. The next step in identity is to take a brief look at the technology. In fact, since humanity has swept toward information civilization and started to get in touch with machines, it has become aware of the importance of identity recognition and invented various methods of identity authentication - and today, no one will deny that the next scene of identity recognition It will be replaced by biometrics. Among them, face recognition will be the first biometric technology to be landed on a large scale due to comprehensive reasons such as technology maturity and cost. And because of this, many people underestimate the difficulty of this technology, in fact, for the "other" (whether AI or possible alien civilization), the human face structure has a very high similarity, we feel It is not difficult (face blindness or even a disease) because the brain has evolved a powerful face recognition ability millions of years ago, and the nervous system process involved is very complicated. At the end of last year, the internationally renowned journal Cell showed a specific neuronal process of face recognition: in the process of recognition, the brain can recognize some key dimensions, and recognizing a face requires dozens of dimensions, each "face cell" Approximately several parameters of six dimensions are encoded, and finally a combination of parameters of different features of a face is integrated. This means that for the machine, face recognition is not easy, and the instinctive reaction between human beings must be transformed into a real data analysis process. It is good to make unremitting efforts through the industry and the results are satisfactory. For example, similar to the human brain recognition process, the face recognition technology can recognize multiple face attributes (such as gender, age, expression, etc.) according to the 72 feature points of the face and face, and combine them into a complete facial expression network. Identify each person's expressions and appearance features, and then perform one-to-many face retrieval with the existing face database, and finally apply to various scenes such as identification and verification. The true portrayal of Chinese AI, of course, the realization path of AI general technology is similar (using data as fuel and algorithm as engine). As a branch of machine vision, although face recognition has certain uniqueness, it is only the ability of Chinese artificial intelligence technology. Portrayal. Not long ago, the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" released by the China Science and Technology Policy Research Center of Tsinghua University showed that China has become the country with the largest number of artificial intelligence patents in the world, and the number is ahead of the United States and Japan. This may be a little unexpected for the public, but it is the consensus of the industry. In the past year or two, including the New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, many foreign media and analysts have pointed out that the huge amount of data, the growing talent pool, and the top-level support of government departments are cultivating China. Develop the most fertile soil for AI. It's not hard to understand that the AI ??revolution that is erupting directly benefits from the data bonus of the surge and the establishment of standards for deep learning algorithms. The integration of the two has completely smoothed the technological start line of the new era (such as ten years ago, Image recognition and speech recognition may be different algorithms, but deep learning will open up the underlying logic, which in essence becomes an algorithm, and the software technology accumulated by many companies is directly invalidated, giving China a good opportunity to overtake the curve. Of course, when the technology turns to come, what really catches it must be a prepared and capable person. What is gratifying is that in dealing with artificial intelligence, Chinese companies not only start early, but also invest heavily in technology. For example, as one of the earliest companies in the world to deploy artificial intelligence, Baidu invests 15% of its annual revenue for AI research and development. Nowadays, it has supported the hundreds of billions of parameters, the super-large neural network of hundreds of billions of samples and feature training, plus the "feeding" of trillions of training data, constantly pushing the iteration of algorithms and computing power, and is also benefiting from this, now Baidu AI The Technology Platform System (AIG) has a comprehensive technology of voice, image, natural language processing, video, knowledge map, etc., and has laid a foundation for development in deep learning frameworks and AI chips. In addition, in addition to the technology itself, the operators of those technologies - a large number of artificial intelligence talents - are also the most valuable resources of the Chinese AI industry. As Luo Zhenyu said in his speech last year, China has graduated millions of engineers every year. Any other country can do this. In fact, the importance of talent is often overlooked. It is not difficult to find out at the beginning of the birth of the mobile Internet. At the beginning of the platform-level technology, many seemingly unsolvable problems are essentially because there are too few people in the industry. You know, only when there are enough engineers in the Android ecosystem to build a prosperous mobile Internet ecosystem. The same is true for artificial intelligence. As the leading edge of Chinese companies becomes more prominent, their talent attraction will increase. This is undoubtedly a huge advantage, and it is also the key for China to lead the first echelon in the artificial intelligence industry. China's artificial intelligence, which occupies the "time, place, and people", has begun to form a benign development ecology. What makes people happy is that in the era of artificial intelligence, Chinese companies did not choose to build high technical barriers, but chose the open road. Baidu, which has a first-mover advantage in artificial intelligence, announced its open strategy in 2017, opening up more than 110 global leading AI capabilities and software and hardware components for developers and enterprises, and ¡°hands-on¡± to teach developers to use AI. Moreover, under the leadership of Baidu, Tencent, Ali, JD, and contempt have also launched AI open plans. China's artificial intelligence has formed a "potential of the original." When the artificial intelligence gradually becomes the infrastructure of the new era, the ultimate goal of technology leadership is of course not to show off the skills, but to take root in more fields and bear fruit. Fortunately, compared with developed countries, China may be the most proactive country to embrace digital transformation. The demand for transformation and upgrading of traditional enterprises with artificial intelligence is more urgent, and the market growth is more stable. At the same time, Chinese AI enterprises We are also constantly exploring more diverse application scenarios. In terms of face recognition, China is at the forefront of landing, as the People¡¯s Daily summarized in the article: In terms of security, face recognition can monitor the intensive areas of airports and shopping malls to achieve specific Automatic identification and tracking of characters. Since the beginning of this year, many places, such as Shenzhen, have begun to use electronic police enforcement to identify pedestrians and non-motor vehicles with red light violations, which has greatly improved the efficiency of social operations. In terms of finance, as you know, brush face payment is familiar, and gradually penetrates into the core of the financial industry such as pre-lending review and identity verification, and banks can quickly check the identity information. For example, face recognition has been applied by Baidu Finance to cooperation projects with Taikang Insurance and Agricultural Bank of China. In terms of retail, the perfection of face recognition technology makes it possible for unmanned supermarkets. In the shopping and settlement process, face recognition can help offline stores quickly capture user information to provide personalized services. In terms of travel, the ¡°brush face¡± boarding project based on face recognition has also landed at Jiangying Airport in Nanyang, Henan, and the face gate can complete the identity verification in seconds. In addition, in Wuzhen and Wuyishan and other scenic spots, face recognition can also enhance the tourist experience while improving the efficiency of the scenic spot. Of course, these are just the changes that are taking place. In more areas that need to be explored, factories also provide face detection algorithms and face recognition solutions to developers through the AI ??open platform, enabling people to recognize faces in more fields. Sprout. Of course, as mentioned earlier, face recognition is only one example of China's artificial intelligence technology capabilities, which means that when the AI ??is fully landed, the fruit is not only one of the face recognition. In fact, whether it is a giant or a startup, with the continuous breakthrough of Chinese AI companies in speech recognition, natural language processing and image recognition, the pace of artificial intelligence from the laboratory to the market far exceeds the imagination of many people. For example, Baidu has continued to graft with other industries, making AI like a capillary, infiltrating into software tools, transportation, security, education, smart equipment, life services and logistics, bringing profound industrial changes. Conclusion To this day, even the most pessimistic skeptics can hardly deny that artificial intelligence is the most important variable in current human society, and its fourth industrial revolution is changing the way of human production and production. The development path of the industrial revolution is very similar ? just like the explosion of ¡°electrical appliances¡± in the electrical revolution of the mid-19th century, and made large-scale manufacturing possible. The moment you and I are in the world, artificial intelligence is spreading to different scenes. At the critical stage, the social impact it produces is difficult to estimate. Like many people, I also believe that when more Chinese companies seize the opportunity of history and miss the previous industrial revolution and thus lag behind, China will usher in the dawn of artificial intelligence.China's face recognition technology is leading the world in the futureChina has always had superior capabilities in the field of global face recognition technology, which has recently been confirmed by the US industrial gold standard. In the past, perhaps mentioned the type of artificial intelligence technology of face recognition technology, most people would think of some developed countries, such as the United Kingdom and the United States, but now if you want to say who is the king of the face recognition technology, Then China is well deserved. Face recognition technology has been widely applied to first-tier cities such as Beishangguang. According to relevant data, China's face recognition technology has been applied in batches in first-tier cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, and is visible in various public measures. In people's daily life and work, face recognition technology has become a daily visible tool. In order to further highlight China's strength in face recognition technology, there have been foreign friends to experience the power of China's face recognition system. For example, a reporter from the United Kingdom once personally tried the power of Skynet controlled by China. Look at whether he can escape Skynet's pursuit within a certain period of time. As a result, it can be imagined that under the full control of Skynet, he has been caught in only eight minutes. This is also due to the powerful face recognition technology, Skynet can quickly capture fugitives. Another example is a group of Korean women who have already made up their makeup. They want to challenge China's face recognition technology to see if they can identify the user's true identity under the heavy makeup. The result is undoubtedly under strong recognition technology. Even if it is a masked face, there is no way to escape the superb recognition technology, and the identity can be confirmed. From the above case, China's face recognition technology does have a superior level of leadership at the technical level. Moreover, in the level of global face recognition technology, the recognition rate of face recognition technology in China is as high as 99%, ahead of other countries. This point has also been affirmed by the Institute of Research and Technology of the relevant industry standards in the United States. At the same time, in the process of competing with other countries, China has three family face recognition technology companies ranked top, and seized three places in the top five. It can be seen that China does have a world-leading level in face recognition technology. Despite this, China's development of face recognition technology is still in progress. After all, there will be more challengers in the future, and China must continue to maintain a rapid growth posture before it can continue to stand out.China will account for 44.59% of the global face recognition market share in 2023 According to research by Gen Market Insights, China will become the largest consumer and provider of face recognition technology. By 2023, China will account for 44.59% of the global face recognition market share, up from 29.39% in 2017. China has rapidly adopted the face recognition technology in various fields, especially in the banking and security business, which has promoted market development. More than 400 banks in China are already using this technology for identity authentication and smart network transformation, including Agricultural Bank of China, Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications and China Merchants Bank. In some cities in China, the technology is also used to assist law enforcement, such as Shenzhen, where they deploy face recognition technology on the zebra crossing to alert pedestrians. Face recognition technology is deployed at an intersection in Shenzhen. The system automatically recognizes pedestrians and then displays the image on the right screen. China will lead face recognition technology "2018 global face recognition device market research report" shows that as more and more industries and companies accept the potential of face recognition technology, although the market value in 2017 is 1.07 billion US dollars, but By 2025, it will reach 7.11 billion US dollars, with a compound annual growth rate of 26.8%. China's market share in 2017 accounted for 29.29% of the global total, but the compound annual growth rate will reach 29.53%, partly because China's national level is facing the promotion of artificial intelligence, including the National Development and Reform Commission's establishment of artificial intelligence basic resources public service platform, high accuracy. Major projects such as the face recognition industrialization platform, such as the new artificial intelligence research parks such as the Guangzhou Artificial Intelligence Industry Cluster and large-scale state investment. With the government's strong promotion, Chinese companies may occupy a larger market share. Artificial intelligence gives the machine "living power" Intelligent robot benefits industry Artificial intelligence technology is applied to the contemporary, is no longer a cold computer computing technology, this is a kind of intelligent technology that can sense human language ability is a temperature technology. The emergence of intelligent robots is one of them, and it is a powerful testimony of artificial intelligence technology to perceive the world language. Artificial intelligence gives intelligent robots a "life" in the past. The machine can only be used as a static object. It can only give it a certain ability to display through human hands, but now the emergence of intelligent robots has changed everything. Intelligent robots do not need human hands to control, and they can also have the ability to sense themselves. This is a huge change brought about by artificial intelligence applications, so that the machine not only has vision, but also masters the sense of hearing and touch, and can also feel while seeing The instructions in the human language then complete the specified production tasks and even communicate with humans in real time. After the intelligent robot has the ability to move autonomously, it will bring huge reforms to the entire production field. The first is to greatly improve the production efficiency, intelligent robots can replace some people to complete some complex long-term tasks, and complete command, handling, decision-making and other instructions. In specific production lines, intelligent robots can greatly increase the overall production speed, and reduce the chances of traditional human resources errors, bringing greater reforms to production. In addition, intelligent robots can be used in the unmanned field or in the welcome area to complete a series of advanced instructions. Taking unmanned driving as an example, it is a classic representative of the machine with independent computing and innovation. It is also a hot spot for the development of intelligent machine technology. In many developed countries, this technology has been applied and can be applied in more Among many different industrial fields. Now in China, this kind of unmanned technology that takes advantage of the active mobility of the machine has also begun to be put into more fields. With the continuous innovation of artificial intelligence technology, intelligent robots will present more different aspects, and will also play a more important role in more different fields. Of course, intelligent robots will have more places to adjust and upgrade in the subsequent development, and believe that artificial intelligence technology will also become a powerful foundation for the vitality of machines. All these positive changes will further provide more powerful force for the development of the industrial economy, and this vitality will continue to develop continuously.Why is the development of face recognition technology application showing rapid growth? Face recognition is one of the hottest technologies in the artificial intelligence wave. At present, it is going out of the laboratory on a large scale, and has entered various industries, which has facilitated life, reduced costs, and improved efficiency. It has gradually become a "standard" in people's daily lives. Into a restaurant, even if there is no mobile phone and wallet, after the order, you can complete the payment by ¡°brushing your face¡±; entering a bank without a bank card or ID card, you can also withdraw money by ¡°brushing your face¡±... Have you ever experienced it? Nowadays, from attendance and shopping, to flying, staying at hotels, and even adopting pensions... It is no longer a joke to eat by "face". Behind this is the face recognition technology that has been in existence for decades. It is currently going out of the laboratory on a large scale and entering daily life. In the field of artificial intelligence, the face recognition technology is one of the earliest technologies to be applied. Its application scene is increasingly rich, and constantly refreshing people's imagination. For example, "brush face" unlocking has become the standard for more and more smartphones. In the security field, the ¡°brush face¡± technology can monitor people in crowded places such as banks, airports, shopping malls, etc., to achieve automatic identification and tracking of specific people. Since the beginning of this year, Shenzhen and other places have launched electronic police enforcement, and through the "brush face" to identify pedestrians, non-motor vehicles, red light violations, greatly improved efficiency. In the financial sector, ¡°brushing face¡± payments have become a reality. Pre-lending review, identity authentication and other services are also being covered. Through face recognition, banks can quickly check the identification information, and users can withdraw money without a bank card. In the field of travel, the "brush face" boarding project based on face recognition has been landed at Jiangying Airport in Nanyang, Henan. The face gate allows passengers to directly "brush face" to fly and complete the identity verification in seconds. Peking University is trying to apply the ¡°brush face¡± system to the campus security system. The first set of ¡°brush face¡± gates has been put into operation. Retailers in the field, domestic retail manufacturers and so on have tried water unmanned supermarkets, face recognition technology has been applied in the shopping, settlement, not only can help offline stores quickly capture user information to provide personalized services, consumer spending The experience is also an upgrade. In the medical field, the face recognition registration system makes it impossible for the traffickers to intervene. The ¡°brush face¡± medical insurance payment can save the queuing time and make the smart medical service process more smooth. This year, 10 hospitals in Wenzhou have activated the face recognition pre-filling system, and it is possible to ¡°brush face¡± and intelligent consultation. In the field of government service, ¡°shaping government affairs¡± not only reduced the suffering of the people, but also the list of government services that ¡°do not have to run once¡±. Ant Financial Services cooperated with government departments in more than 40 cities to open services such as ¡°painting face¡± for tax, enquiry of provident fund, certification pension, and traffic violation online. In the field of public welfare, ¡°face-to-face search¡± helps to find lost old people and children, so that the road to go home is no longer out of reach. In July of this year, Sichuan Xichang Rescue Station used this technology to send 7 detainees to go home for reunion. The number of users covered by "brush face" technology is also rising rapidly. "Only in the Alipay platform, there are already 200 million users who have logged in to the account, retrieved passwords, and risk checks through 'brushing faces'." Ant Financial CTO Cheng Li said: "The face is gradually replacing the password." It is a rapid growth of the industry scale. According to data from Ai Media Consulting, the size of China's computer vision market in 2017 was 6.8 billion yuan. It is estimated that the market size will reach 78 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 125.5%. Rapid application development, technology, talent, capital, and policy drive are indispensable. Why has the application of face recognition technology showed rapid development in China in recent years? In the eyes of the industry, in addition to the fundamental reasons for technology-driven, there are many factors that work together. "If you compare it to a carriage, talent advantage, technology-driven, capital assistance, policy support, etc. are like wheels, which is driving the carriage to run faster and more stable," said Zhang Yi, founder and CEO of Ai Media. According to industry analysts, in terms of ¡°brushing face¡± technology, China is currently at the forefront of application landing, and the underlying technology is accelerating. Recently, the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" released by the China Science and Technology Policy Research Center of Tsinghua University shows that China has become the country with the largest number of artificial intelligence patents in the world, with the number leading the United States and Japan. China has paid attention to the tradition of science and engineering education for many years, and has also laid a good talent foundation for the combination of artificial intelligence technology and various industries. The richness of the application scenario and the high demand for the industry are also an important reason. ¡°China has been developing rapidly in the past few decades, and all walks of life have strong demand for improving quality and efficiency.¡± Industry insiders said, ¡°This demand gives us many opportunities to make face recognition technology more The industry has landed." "The demand for rich scene applications, providing access to enterprises and strong market value; the storage of massive data and world-wide propositions have also given a wide range of platforms for technology companies and technology developers." Capital investment It is also an important force. In addition to the layout of Internet giants such as BAT, many vertical companies continue to receive capital attention. More entrepreneurs are entering the industry. The data shows that in the distribution of China's artificial intelligence startups, computer vision industry companies ranked first with 17.7%. Industry insiders analyzed that the acceleration of the 5G era will also bring new development opportunities to the computer vision industry. "Face recognition is expected to develop into the standard of the next intelligent era." Face recognition technology can bring about an increase in productivity. Some experts say that "brushing face" is only a more specific part of computer vision technology. ¡°In fact, computer vision technology can bring you far more than just a ¡°brushing face¡± payment. If applied in the first two industries, it will bring about improvements and changes in production efficiency at a larger level.¡± Face recognition technology can bring about an increase in productivity. This kind of improvement, on the one hand, is to enhance or replace the artificial part related to vision in the traditional industry, in order to reduce costs and improve efficiency; on the other hand, it brings New interactive experiences and applications form new application scenarios. In fact, these improvements are happening. In the field of mobile phones and entertainment, the classification and processing of images and pictures based on intelligent recognition has become a reality; in the field of automatic driving, the target of automatic intelligent perception and positioning of vehicles is constantly developing; in the field of drones and robots. The use of automatic obstacle avoidance has made new progress; in the industrial field, in addition to the eye-catching and exploratory application of 3D sorting, the application of product quality inspection is also emerging; in the medical field, research and development based on artificial intelligence such as computer vision technology The robot not only can see medical images, but also assist doctors to understand medical records more accurately and improve the level of diagnosis and treatment. Experts say that these changes are efficiency and industry reshaping for the industry, and also mean greater market opportunities and more imaginative growth. From a larger perspective of computer vision, in the Internet era, every landmark node is subverted by human-computer interaction. The first time is the popularity of personal computers in the civilian and commercial fields; the second is the popularity of smartphones worldwide; next time, maybe we don¡¯t even use mobile phones, everyone, every item will be digitized, Become a sensor, people and people, things and things, between people and things will be directly connected. The Internet has been a part of our lives for the past few decades. Maybe in the near future, we will become part of the Internet.Zhongguancun Science Park 30th Anniversary Innovation Achievements Debut Visionary Smart Pavilion Innovation Application C Position Debut On August 24th, Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone Innovation Achievements Opening Ceremony was officially held at Zhongguancun Exhibition Center. On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up, the 30th anniversary of the establishment of Zhongguancun Science Park, and the 5th anniversary of General Secretary Xi Jinping's inspection of Zhongguancun, Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone has assembled 170 state-level high-tech enterprises, listed companies, unicorn enterprises and cutting-edge technology enterprises. Come to showcase their outstanding development achievements, and will fully present a feast of innovations that are completely original in China and at the forefront of the world's science and technology. Liu Lixin, deputy secretary and director of Zhongguancun Management Committee, Liu Hang, deputy inspector of Zhongguancun Management Committee, and Li Changping, deputy head of Haidian District, jointly launched the innovation exhibition with representatives of the park enterprises. Innovation is the first driving force for development. As the first national high-tech industrial development zone and national independent innovation demonstration zone, Zhongguancun has gone through 30 years of development. Under the cordial care of the Party Central Committee and the State Council and the strong leadership of the Beijing Municipal Government, Zhongguancun has taken the mission of serving the national strategy and deepened reform and opening up as a driving force to explore a high-tech development and industrialization with Chinese characteristics. The new road has achieved world-renowned achievements and has become a banner for China's innovation and development. Zhong Licun, deputy secretary and director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, said in the opening ceremony: "Towards the future, the Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone will adhere to the guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, with more reforms and more openness. And more pragmatic innovations, forge ahead, and move forward, take the lead in building a globally influential science and technology innovation center, and strive to become the world's major technology centers and innovation highlands, and make new contributions to building innovative countries and technological powers." Zhongguancun Yan Lixin, deputy secretary and director of the Party Committee of the Management Committee, delivered a speech at the opening ceremony. This exhibition is guided by Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and focuses on the "new era and new journey of Zhongguancun re-launching" to highlight the effectiveness of innovation and development. The three characteristics of the double-creative ecosystem and the latest frontier achievements fully demonstrate the representative achievements and major development achievements of the Zhongguancun demonstration area. At the same time, the most refreshing part of this exhibition is that it innovatively applies a large number of the latest scientific and technological achievements to the display design, including the all-round artificial intelligence technology blessing provided by Destiny Technology for the renovation of the pavilion to help Zhongguancun show. The center completed a new upgrade of the Smart Pavilion. Fu Yingbo, President of Defiance Technology, introduced the application demonstration project of Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion: ¡°In the project construction of Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion, we despise the comprehensive use of many top-notch artificial intelligence technologies and products independently developed by the company. From the visit reservation, registration to the interactive, passenger flow management process, intelligent display and management program, this exhibition will create a new exhibition hall that is convenient, efficient, novel and cool in the AI ??era. The first demonstration application of China's face recognition technology in the real-time analysis of the crowds of the smart pavilion was realized.¡± Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, introduced the innovative application of the Visionary Smart Pavilion in the process of building the Zhongguancun Wisdom Pavilion. Venue management and audiences in the exhibition, exhibition, exhibition management, exhibition management, etc., comprehensive research and development including the cave portrait system, urban sky system, smart camera, human verification and verification machine, face recognition gate The combination of soft and hard artificial intelligence technology and product solutions, such as machine, provides online identity verification, wisdom and non-sensibility for the venue. Innovative function applications and experiences such as camera tracking, real-time thermal analysis, audience trajectory interaction, and human face recognition. Despising the Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion Application Demonstration Project in the registration of the new venue, despising the use of the official website of the exhibition hall, WeChat service number and human verification and verification equipment to collect face and ID information to help the audience complete online or on-site visits. registered. When entering the hall, the audience can enter the door without sensation and without cooperation by scorning the face recognition gate. Inside the pavilion, contempt is based on the cave portrait system, the urban sky system and the 60-channel smart camera device in the dense hall, providing viewers with a richer and more novel visual AI interactive experience: trajectory tracking through the cave image system The ability, the audience can not only see their real-time visit track dynamic picture in the scorn exhibition area, but also obtain more comprehensive exhibition information through the track query terminal; while the scorn city eye system can pass face recognition, human figure recognition, AI technology such as video structuring, for the staff in the hall to identify and feedback attributes such as gender, age, face key points, clothing characteristics (color, style, wearing a hat, wearing glasses, backpacks, etc.) to show the audience The powerful utility of smart technology in safe cities and smart cities. Zhongguancun Management Committee deputy secretary, director Yan Lixin and other leaders visited the contempt exhibition area as the leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China. Defiance Technology has been committed to providing leading industrial intelligence algorithms and solutions to global industry users, building a city-level Intelligent IoT system. In the future, Vision will also support the technological development strategy of AI+IoT with the support of Zhongguancun, and continue to build world-leading innovation and technological achievements in more fields of the industry.Defiance of technology and Zhuhai City Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute reached strategic cooperation In order to carry out in-depth research on the application of artificial intelligence technology in police work, recently, China's artificial intelligence leading enterprises defiance technology and Zhuhai City Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute reached a strategic cooperation agreement, The two sides will jointly establish the "Zhuhai Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute - Defiance Technology Public Security Video Joint Laboratory" and apply a series of artificial intelligence technologies and product results to the reform of Zhuhai Police Model to promote Zhuhai under the new situation. Smart city, safe city construction. Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology and general manager of Public Security Division, Cheng Tao, general manager of South China Department of Defence Security Division, Qin Shaohua, manager of Shenzhen Branch of Defence Security Division, and leaders of Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute signed the contract. At present, the artificial intelligence technology such as face recognition and video structuring brings more and more benefits in the practical application of public security. In particular, the new intelligent police model that is being promoted is rapidly becoming the focus of the national police model reform. In recent years, Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute has been continuously exploring the integration and application of emerging technologies such as big data, video cloud and artificial intelligence in police actual combat, and establishing a new high-tech-oriented police work technical warfare system to defend the Zhuhai economy. Social development and the safety of people's lives and property. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions in China, Vision Technology has the world's top deep learning algorithm development and product creation capabilities in the field of artificial intelligence, and aims at the pain points in public security scenarios in the long-term practice. It has created a series of intelligent security technologies and products that help the public security system across the country to achieve innovative and intelligent upgrades. Defying the city's brain to help maintain urban public safety Vision Technology and Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute will be based on the principle of "demand traction, technology promotion, complementary advantages, cooperation and long-term development", in police work, video analysis, etc. In terms of the deep integration of intelligent technology, we will establish strategic partnerships, improve the police technology guarantee system that meets the requirements of the times, reflects Zhuhai characteristics, and is in line with international standards, and promotes the development of a new era of Zhuhai smart police. After the agreement is reached, Defiance Technology will jointly establish the ¡°Zhuhai Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute ? Defiance Technology Public Safety Video Joint Laboratory¡± with the Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute, giving full play to the scientific research application advantages and the scientific and technological advantages of defying technology. The related security technology and product development are carried out around the application direction of ¡°face recognition, video structuring, vehicle secondary recognition, person/car association, cross-camera tracking¡±, and applied to the actual business in time. At the same time, contempt will also promote the application of intelligent hardware products such as smart cameras and portable surveillance devices in conjunction with the Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute, and promote the transformation of artificial intelligence technologies and products in the big data policing cloud and police information engineering. And applications, play a demonstration role in the province and the country.