Defiance Technology and Bank of Beijing to Realize Strategic Cooperation Financial Services Technology, Technology and Nursing Back Finance On September 6, Bank of Beijing and Zhongguancun Management Committee held a seminar on science and technology finance innovation at the Bank of Beijing Head Office Building, Zhongguancun Management Committee, New Director, Bank of Beijing Chairman Zhang Dongning and President of the Bank of China Zhongguancun Branch Xu Zhongxing attended the meeting and delivered speeches. At the meeting, Bank of Beijing and Zhongguancun Management Committee reached a new round of strategic cooperation agreement, and plans to provide 120 billion yuan of intentional credit for the enterprise growth, industrial development and park construction in the Zhongguancun demonstration area in the next three years, further increasing the scale of financial services and Strength. As the representative of Zhongguancun's leading edge technology enterprises and the core strategic partner of Bank of Beijing Technology Finance, Defiance Technology was invited to attend and complete the strategic signing ceremony with Zhongguancun Management Committee, Yijiesida, Kangliyoulan and other enterprises. The combination of industry and finance to create a scientific and technological innovation gold card Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone is China's first national independent innovation demonstration zone. With the wave of reform and opening up, after 30 years of development and construction, Zhongguancun has hatched a batch of outstanding and innovative enterprises. At the same time, it has built a unique development pattern of ¡°one district and multiple parks¡± and has become a test field and pioneering area for China's scientific and technological innovation. Over the years, the Bank of Beijing has earnestly implemented the spirit of the state and Beijing's directives on the construction of the Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone. It has insisted on piloting first, actively participating in Zhongguancun's technological and financial innovation, and nurturing Zhongguancun's innovative highland with constantly updated financial products. Zhang Dongning, chairman of the Bank of Beijing, said at the meeting that in addition to providing 120 billion yuan of credit support for the park enterprises, Bank of Beijing also added multiple dimensions from the construction of the credit system, the creation of a new ecosystem of science and technology, the establishment of franchisees, the establishment of green channels, and the cultivation of listings. Large-scale Zhongguancun enterprises, especially support for innovative and hard-tech enterprises, to help transform original scientific and technological achievements of cutting-edge technology projects. In this regard, the new director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee said that ¡°the industry and the financial industry are mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial. Zhongguancun can achieve today¡¯s achievements from science and technology but become capital. Bank of Beijing has always served the real economy and service technology innovation, and continues to Zhongguancun enterprises have provided strong support and are close partners in the process of enterprise growth. I hope that in the future, Bank of Beijing will increase subsidies for hard technology, high-tech and small and medium-sized enterprises, and target the breakthrough of core technology for technology enterprises. And support in research projects.¡± AI helped the digital transformation of the financial industry. In this symposium, Defiance Technology also signed a strategic cooperation with Bank of Beijing. In fact, as early as 2016, the dual convenience has already achieved the cooperation of AI innovation applications in some financial scenarios. Combining the practical needs of the Bank of Beijing countertop business and the existing hardware and software foundation, Defiance Technology has provided the Bank of China with a face recognition back-end engine and a face quality control plug-in, completing the complete system docking. At present, some of the branch offices of Bank of Beijing, as well as the direct banking and credit card online businesses have successfully applied the artificial intelligence technology of Vision Technology. In the long-term application process, the defying online and offline intelligent financial solutions provided a stable and efficient new intelligent risk control method for Bank of Beijing, which was fully affirmed and supported by the Bank of Beijing. After the signing of the strategic cooperation agreement, Bank of Beijing and Defiance Technology will jointly promote the in-depth development of technology and finance by combining their respective advantages. For example, first try the financial services of leading-edge technology enterprises and cooperate to explore artificial intelligence technology in financial business scenarios. Development and application. ¡°Defiance Technology was born in Zhongguancun and grew up in Zhongguancun. Under the background of China¡¯s smart manufacturing 2025 and the implementation of ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡±, Vision Technology, which focuses on artificial intelligence and Internet of Things technology, has grown into an industry-leading The cutting-edge technology type 'unicorn' is inseparable from the guidance of Beijing, Haidian District and Zhongguancun Management Committee in terms of policies, funds, talents and markets. In the short period of the company's founding, Bank of Beijing With the contempt of technology growth, we have been tirelessly providing comprehensive support for technological innovation companies like ours.¡± Fu Yingbo, president of Vision Technology, said: ¡°This is a strategic cooperation agreement with Bank of Beijing, marking that we will be with Bank of Beijing. To carry out deeper cooperation in the field of financial technology, especially in the development and construction of Bank of China's smart banking business, to achieve continuous exploration of technology-enabled financial innovation. I am very much looking forward to Bank of Beijing to practice more financial innovation and to aggregate more quality resources. Support the same cutting-edge technology companies as we do, and we will do our best. To develop more valuable AI products, and to bring the most cutting-edge technology and financial industry together to bring tangible convenience to the public."Defiance Technology has taken COCO+Mapillary as the world's number one, and Chinese companies have become the biggest winners. On September 8th, the biennial, one-week European Conference on Computer Vision, ECCV 2018, kicked off in Munich, Germany. According to official information, ECCV 2018 has 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials; 2439 submissions, including 776 papers (31.8%); nearly 3,200 registered participants, unprecedented in scale, exceeding ECCV 2016 (Amsterdam) 2 Times. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Joint Challenge Awards Venue September 9th, the most eye-catching Joint COCO and Mapilary Recognition Challenge Workshop in 43 Workshops at the Technical University of Munich (Technische University Munich) ) As scheduled, the final results of each competition will be announced and seminars will be exchanged. It is worth mentioning that the winning team of this joint challenge is all from China. In this joint challenge, COCO 4 matches, Mapillary 2 matches, a total of 6 events. Defying the 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition in the science and technology competition, a total of 4 competitions, respectively won 3 COCO first (including 1 tied for first) and 1 Mapillary first, winning in all four games. The ¡°big part of the country¡± of this challenge has been taken, and it has become the biggest winner. Since ICCV COCO+Places 2017 won three firsts, breaking Google and Microsoft's ¡°hegemony¡± and becoming the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship, this ECCV COCO+Mapillary 2018 defied the four battles of science and technology and won four The crown, the whole battle is a breakthrough, and the self-reinventing high, highlighting the absolute strength in the field of object recognition and detection. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Official results: Megvii won four crowns, COCO detection (coupling first), COCO keypoints, COCO panoptic and Mapillary panoptic. The COCO 2018 Joint Challenge is intended to study object recognition under the premise of scene understanding. This COCO Challenge item has 1) Instance Segmentation, 2) Panotic ? Segmentation, and 3) Keypoints. Keypoint detection) and 4) DensePose (human body intensive pose estimation); Mapillary Challenge items have 1) Instance Segmentation and 2) Panoptic ?Segmentation. Although COCO and Mapillary focus on the general problem of visual recognition, each specific task has a new exploration of the different dimensions of the problem under the blessing of the corresponding data set. COCO(& Mapillary) is one of the most authoritative and benchmarking datasets in the field of object recognition, and is one of the most influential competition platforms after ImageNet. COCO is an abbreviation of English Commen Objects in Context, and has the same name paper. The COCO data set is designed for full scene understanding and is intended to facilitate the development of object detection research. Mapillary Vistas is a newly launched Street View image dataset that focuses on high-level semantic understanding of images and promotes technology in areas such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. There are many differences between the dataset and the application task, while the latter complements the former. Generally speaking, COCO is the object recognition in the natural scene, and Mapillary focuses on the street scene recognition. Therefore, the form of the joint challenge is beneficial to the computer vision technology to be closer to the real scene and more applicable. Since the first Challenge of 2015, the number of COCO events has been continuously updated and the evaluation criteria have become more complicated; COCO 2018 has changed from previous years. In terms of detection, the example segmentation has become very popular in COCO in recent years. This year, both COCO and Mapillary have this item; as the detection technology is saturated, COCO removes the bounding box detection, but the results still appear on the list. on. Another change is the addition of DensePose? and Panoptic Segmentation. Panoptic Segmentation solves the classification problem of foreground objects and background objects on an image at the same time, and integrates the splitting semantic segmentation and instance segmentation into one, pushing the segmentation technology into a new realm and constantly approaching the real application. Both COCO and Mapillary also have this entry. This challenge, with the addition of COCO and Mapillary's two heavyweight data sets, provides a valuable opportunity to redefine and upgrade machine vision algorithms. Inspiring new insights is arguably the biggest value of COCO & Mapillary 2018. The results of the three championships have not only confirmed to the world the extraordinary strength of ignoring the original technology of computer vision, but also the scientific and innovative nature of the company's own ¡°big environment¡±. Technology is the premise of everything, and the champion is the technology again and again. With extraordinary technology, we continue to create maximum value for our customers and society. Defiance of technology is turning slogans into reality. As Dr. Yu Gang, the head of the Depression Research Group, said: ¡°The COCO competition last year made me see more of our solid details and the advantages of the company platform. But this year, the team¡¯s optimistic beliefs and victory. The persistence touched me deeply. Every time when our hopeful ideas produce results, they often end in disappointment. But we have never been frustrated by setbacks, we can stand up quickly every time, reflect on problems, continue An idea, this is exactly the ¡°Danfa¡± where we won the four crowns this time. There is no shortcut to doing Research, only continuous innovation and persistence.¡± Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute, also said "The COCO competition is a bit like Huashan's sword. How do you compare with the past year? In fact, apart from the results, I value the participation in the team's tempering, including strength and perseverance. The real Huashan sword is technology. The competition of products in the market, contempt for technology will always be the first."Face recognition technology applied to crime prevention Future prospects Broad use of facial recognition to prevent crime is no longer a fantasy. In many developed countries, facial recognition technology can be applied to criminals' prevention. Facial recognition technology is no longer only in science fiction movies. In the past, most people on facial recognition technology were in some sci-fi movies. Through the recognition of the front-end camera, the real identity of the object can be recognized in a few seconds. Can be used for remote monitoring, through more accurate facial recognition technology, even the escape of criminals, with this facial recognition technology, Skynet can be restored without leaking. In the British police department, this facial recognition technology has been applied to the actual pursuit of fugitives. Through the integration of behavioral software and facial recognition technology, the police can take this kind of face before the crime has taken place. Identify techniques to prevent precautions in advance, minimize the possibility of crime, or reduce the damage that may occur to a minimum. It is worth mentioning that this facial recognition technology can also be used in detention or in sentencing decisions to have a certain reference for executives to execute penalties. The emergence of this new technology has brought great surprises to local security, and it has also enabled more citizens to see the technical guarantees that emerged under the security upgrade. The application of facial recognition to crime prevention needs to be continuously improved and upgraded. Although face recognition technology has been successful in application precedent, there are still some hidden dangers in the actual use of complex scenes. Of course, these are only second, because through artificial The continuous leap and development of intelligent technology, I believe that the future face recognition applied to crime prevention, will also present a more delicate level. For example, in terms of fairness and transparency, computer application of facial recognition technology to prevent criminals will also be given to those who are pursued in a more fair and transparent manner, or the fairness of the actors that may occur. To improve the accuracy of the entire facial recognition technology, so that the police can chase the fugitives or combat the criminals become more accurate and fair, which is also a development direction of facial recognition in crime prevention. In the process, a noun has been integrated into the improvement and upgrade of facial recognition technology, which is "moral". How to make the machine operation look more humanized, this is also an important direction to improve the technical level in the future.Defying Technology and Asia-Pacific Telecom to Deploy China's Taiwan Market On September 11, China's AI Unicorn Technology announced that it has reached a strategic cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom. The two sides will jointly explore the Chinese Taiwan market and lay out financial, logistics, manufacturing and other fields. . At the same time, Asia Pacific Telecom will also introduce face recognition technology and FaceID identity verification service to achieve fast and accurate identification, improve work efficiency and optimize user experience. ¡ø Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of Vision Technology, and Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of the Asia-Pacific Telecom Industry Communications Innovation Application Center, stressed that technology can only generate value in the scene. I hope that this cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom can explore richer and more valuable application scenarios, open up markets in the financial, logistics and manufacturing industries in Taiwan, Taiwan, and the certification needs of Taiwan's banking industry or defying technology. The first step in the scale of Taiwan. Wang Jingyu, director of the Asia-Pacific Telecom Industry Communications Innovation Application Center, believes that face recognition will be a good "certification aid". For example, in the past, when you open an account with a bank, you have to take a double certificate to the counter. Now some of the operators have launched the cloud. When opening an account, there are still doubts about misuse and misappropriation of the account. If the biometric authentication mechanism can be added, accurate identification can be completed only by the process of on-site photography, which effectively reduces the risk. At present, Asia-Pacific Telecom has introduced a face recognition system that defies technology, allowing employees to directly punch their faces when they get on and off work. It is reported that after the cooperation between the two parties, discussions have been held with some public and private banks in Taiwan. It is foreseeable that under the new situation of the science and technology reform industry, the banking industry in Taiwan will introduce many artificial intelligence technologies such as face recognition, image recognition, object recognition and video structuring under the Vision Technology. Provide a better service experience. Asia Pacific Telecom will also join hands with Defiance Technology to take the lead in promoting the large-scale application of the "Face Recognition Access Control System" in Taiwanese enterprises. Desperate Technology was founded in Beijing in 2011. As an AI-centric Internet of Things solutions company, it has developed products such as face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robots. Widely used in personal, public and commercial Internet of Things, covering financial, mobile, security, logistics, retail and many other fields, and serving the Ministry of Public Security, Alibaba, Ant Financial, Foxconn, OPPO, vivo, NOKIA and China Merchants Bank , Bank of Beijing and other thousands of enterprises and institutions. In mainland China, Vision Technology has set up branches in Qingdao, Nanjing, Xuzhou, Ningbo, Chengdu, Shenzhen and other cities and reached city-level strategic cooperation with the cities, actively cooperated with the government's project construction, and played nationwide. The role of the leading enterprise of artificial intelligence. The cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom is an important step in defying the layout of the Chinese Taiwan market. Recently, Desperate Technology has cooperated with Taiwanese chip giants MediaTek and Qijing Optoelectronics to build an Android smart phone equipped with a face recognition system and rapidly expand. The layout on smart phone products. Tang Wenbin said: "Intelligence is an inevitable trend of enterprises. Through intelligentization to improve efficiency and enhance experience, contempt has laid the foundation for personal, urban and commercial business networking, and the next step is to expand the global market."Face recognition industry has huge market potential and rich application scenarios. Face recognition basic profile Face recognition is based on human facial feature information for identification cameras or cameras to collect images or video streams containing faces and automatically detect them in images. A series of related techniques for tracking a face and then performing a face on the detected face, which is also commonly called portrait recognition and face recognition. Face recognition technology is a typical application of artificial intelligence. Face recognition has been applied in some industries, such as border inspection and criminal investigation in the public security field, airports, railway stations, bus stations and other scenes in the transportation field, face attendance in the education industry, dormitory access management, kindergarten transportation, etc. . Obviously, with the further development of artificial intelligence, face recognition has great potential as a connection point between people and intelligence. Face recognition development stage analysis Face recognition was first studied by researchers in the 1960s. The real application stage was in the late 1990s, and its technology maturity has reached a high level. The entire development process can be divided into mechanical identification, semi-automatic identification, contactless identification, and Internet application. The global biometric market size analysis predicts that the global market for biometrics will grow at an average annual rate of 21.7% between 2007 and 2013, which is rare in most of the world's industry growth rates of less than 5%. In 2015, the global market for biometrics technology will reach 13 billion U.S. dollars, and will reach 25 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. The average annual growth rate in five years is about 14%. From 2015 to 2020, the market size of each segment is: fingerprint (73.3%), voice (100%), face (166.6%), iris (100%), and others (140%). Among the many biometric technologies, face recognition ranks first in terms of growth, and the market for face recognition technology is expected to rise to $24 billion by 2020. It is expected that in the case of smart terminals penetrating face recognition, the market size may exceed expectations. Biometrics field 2007-2020 Global biometrics market size statistics and growth forecast Global biometric segmentation industry market share statistics China's face recognition market size analysis and forecast According to the forward-looking industry research institute released "face recognition industry market prospects According to the statistics of the Investment Strategy Planning Analysis Report, the size of the Chinese face recognition market in 2016 was only 1.725 billion yuan. It is estimated that the size of the Chinese face recognition market will reach 2.716 billion yuan by 2018. The overall face recognition market in China in the next five years. It has grown rapidly and the market penetration has risen rapidly in the future. It is estimated that by 2021, the size of the Chinese face recognition market will exceed 5 billion yuan, reaching 5.316 billion yuan. The face recognition market size of China's face recognition in 2016-2021 and the application scenarios that predict the market demand analysis of face recognition, the face recognition market has great potential. The application scene is gradually increasing, and the layout of face recognition is also more abundant. From the consumer electronics field to automotive electronics, security, Internet payment, and finance, fingerprint identification is gradually introduced. With the development of consumer users' habits, market penetration will rise rapidly in the future. In order to answer how big the market space is, we should pay attention to three phenomena: 1. The overall market is growing rapidly; 2. The mobile phone market is starting; 3. The potential increase in the automobile and security markets. The face recognition scheme has a large overall space, with a compound annual growth rate of 27.68%. Face recognition, car and security provide potential incremental space. Automotive electronics is the next gold mine. Driven by electric vehicles and driverless technology, the electronic rate of automobiles is increasing rapidly. In 2000, the average number of chips used per car was only a dozen. In 2016, the average number of chips required for each car was 600. In the future, the electronic rate of automobiles will further increase. Bosch, Continental, NVIDIA and Chrysler have demonstrated in-vehicle face recognition applications at CES 2017. Face recognition is expected to enter the automotive electronics field in the future. The global annual sales of 80 million vehicles, taking into account the number and size of filters required by the car; the structure of the components and other factors, and the cost of the vehicle is smaller, the price sensitivity is low, ASP should be higher than the mobile phone, 50% penetration rate, the future space capacity is about 500 million. The security field contributes to face recognition in another incremental market. It is conservatively estimated that the sales of security cameras will reach 40 million units in the future, with a 50% penetration rate, and the market space will be about 100 million in the future. Policy support has been continuously strengthened Since 2015, the state has intensively issued ¡°Guiding Opinions on Banking Financial Institutions to Open RMB Accounts Remotely (Consultation Draft)¡±, ¡°Technical Requirements for Security Video Surveillance Face Recognition System¡±, and Information Security Laws and regulations such as the Technical Network Face Recognition and Authentication System Security Technical Requirements have laid a solid foundation for the popularization of face recognition in the fields of finance, security, medical care, etc., and cleared the policy obstacles. At the same time, in 2017, artificial intelligence was first written into the national government report. As an important segment of artificial intelligence, it can be expected that the policy support for face recognition will continue to increase. The primary market is hot, and domestic patents continue to rise. In the context of rapid market growth and increased policy support, the popularity of the primary market has also increased. At the same time, with the rapid rise of a number of star companies and domestic investment in the field of face recognition, the number of domestic face recognition technology patents has also been rising. From the number of new additions each year, there are still fewer than 100 new patents in 2007, 2015 The year ushered in an outbreak. By 2015, the number of new patents reached 1,398, which is a global leader. Judging from the current cumulative number of patents, China's face recognition public patents have reached more than 4,000 cases, significantly more than other countries and regions. The significant enhancement of technical strength has also opened up the domestic market and laid a solid foundation for the rapid spread of commercial products. The face recognition scene is grounded, and the operational service eco-rich face recognition pilot is accelerated to help intelligently upgrade rail transit. With the development of techniques and algorithms such as artificial intelligence and deep learning, the recognition speed and accuracy of face recognition technology have been rapidly improved and gradually commercialized. Jiadu Technology strengthens its independent research and development capabilities and gradually promotes the application of face recognition technology in the field of airport and urban rail transit. Face recognition technology has the characteristics of rapid recognition speed and low false positive rate. It has great synergy with the company's rail transit business. The application of face recognition technology can quickly confirm the identity of tourists, improve the efficiency of ticket sales and security control and intelligent transportation. Innovation in credit system construction, innovation in O2O industry, innovation in big data cooperation, and joint promotion of low-carbon green travel.World Artificial Intelligence Conference Opens in Shanghai Defiance Technology Leads AI+IoT Industry Innovation On September 17, the highly anticipated artificial intelligence field event, the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC 2018), officially kicked off in Shanghai. As a global artificial intelligence high-end conference and top artificial intelligence cooperation and exchange platform jointly sponsored by the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Internet Information Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Shanghai Municipal Government, President Xi Jinping I also warmly congratulate the convening of this conference. Li Qiang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Committee, and member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier Liu He attended the opening ceremony and delivered a speech. President Xi Jinping wrote in a letter saying that a new generation of artificial intelligence is booming around the world, injecting new kinetic energy into economic and social development, and is profoundly changing people's production and lifestyle. China is committed to achieving high-quality development. The development and application of artificial intelligence will effectively improve the level of intelligence in economic and social development and effectively enhance public services and urban management capabilities. I hope that the guests will focus on the theme of "a new era of artificial intelligence empowerment", deepen exchanges, build consensus, and jointly promote artificial intelligence for the benefit of mankind. The 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference, with the theme of ¡°A New Era of Artificial Intelligence Empowerment¡±, brings together experts, scholars and corporate leaders from nearly 40 countries and regions to deliver speeches and high-end dialogues around the frontiers, industrial trends and hot issues of artificial intelligence technology. In addition, there are more than 200 leading companies in the field of artificial intelligence to participate in the forum and exhibition activities. As a leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in the world, Vision Technology also demonstrated its top-notch artificial intelligence technology independently developed at the conference, and several representatives of enterprises were invited to participate in many forum activities of the conference. AI leads the development of intelligent industry and empowers new economy into new kinetic energy. On the opening day of WAIC 2018, the conference also held the forum of ¡°Integrated Development of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy¡± with the theme of ¡°Energy New Economy¡¤AI Future¡±. At present, the intelligent technology industry represented by artificial intelligence has developed rapidly and has become a new kinetic energy to promote industrial upgrading and promote economic transformation. In the future, how will the commercialization model of artificial intelligence develop? What changes will happen to industry and society due to artificial intelligence? In this regard, the deceased technology president Fu Yingbo and Paradise Silicon Valley industry partner Xu Yuyuan, Xiao i robot CEO Zhu frequency, Wu Yi technology CEO Wu Gansha, Cambrian vice president Luo Wei in the forum launched a high-end dialogue. Fu Yingbo, the president of Defiance Technology, was invited to attend the ¡°Integrated Development of Artificial Intelligence and the Real Economy¡±. Fu Yingbo first described the commercialization of artificial intelligence in Defiance Technology. He said that Defiance Technology was established. In the first five years, with the focus on R&D core technology, by accumulating a number of industry-leading AI technologies and gathering R&D talents, Defiance Technology really began to enter the commercialization process in 2016. Such a development model makes contempt for a step ahead of other companies in the process of technology landing and solving industrial problems. In the question of how enterprises can adapt artificial intelligence technology to the industry, he pointed out that it is first necessary to clarify the scene of technology application, and the choice of scenes cannot be greedy, defying the first step in the process of applying artificial intelligence machine vision. Security, the two just-needed industries, have scorned the industry, retail, logistics, mobile phones, and robotics industries in the constant practice. Secondly, Fu Yingbo believes that turning technology into valuable products in the process of landing can promote artificial intelligence to truly bring about cost reduction and efficiency improvement for the industry. Regarding the future of the artificial intelligence industry, Fu Yingbo believes that in the future of the digital economy booming, more data and exploration of industry scenarios will enable the artificial intelligence industry to take off, the integration of traditional industries and the real economy and artificial intelligence. It will be more extensive, and the entire society will be better because of artificial intelligence. Combining algorithm innovation with application innovation to promote the comprehensive development of ¡°AI+ Entity Economy¡± In the application display and experience design, WAIC 2018 special AI boutique exhibition, focusing on big data, computing power, algorithms, and assembling domestic and foreign AI industry giants to ¡°visualize¡± The technology focuses on the three basic elements of the explosive development of artificial intelligence to the professional audience - data resources, computing power, core algorithms. The innovative algorithm exhibition area shows the global frontier artificial intelligence deep learning algorithm framework and its application scenarios and products, as well as the technical application and innovation of face recognition technology in urban brain, medical, financial, intelligent car and other fields. Detroit Technology's new Sky Eye 2.0 system was also unveiled here. Despising the Sky Eye 2.0 landing WAIC 2018 algorithm has always been an indispensable part of the computer science field, especially in this wave of artificial intelligence technology, algorithm innovation plays a decisive role. Defiance Technology is one of the earliest technology companies in China to develop artificial intelligence applications using deep learning methods, and always pursues the essential innovation at the algorithm level. To this end, contempt has launched a fully self-developed full-process end-to-end deep learning training engine, MegBrain, as early as 2015, which can realize the internal deep learning calculation and data resource management automation, as well as the algorithm training process. On top of its own deep learning engine and basic data architecture, Vision Technology has completed algorithmic breakthroughs again and again, and the leading edge of the algorithm has been verified in the global competition platform: October 2017, Vision Technology The Institute won three world championships in the MS COCO + Places joint challenge in the world's top computer vision competition. In September 2018, contempt for the MS COCO + Mapillary Challenge and won four world championships. . Despising continuous innovation in algorithms is the cornerstone for technology applications. The core issues surrounding image recognition such as classification, detection and segmentation, as well as deep learning models of different platforms such as cloud, mobile, and chip, despise the desire to create algorithms that can serve products and improve product experience and quality. ¡°Defiant Eyes 2.0¡± is a city-level IOT solution based on core algorithms and combined with urban security, urban traffic and urban governance needs. Through the comprehensive use of face recognition, human body recognition, vehicle identification, video structuring, Trajectory tracking and other technologies can enable cameras to visualize urban offline data, and use artificial intelligence and big data analysis to create intelligent integrated application platforms for urban managers. Artificial intelligence is a supporting technology related to the economic transformation of the country. It is the most likely area to initiate another industrial revolution. The AI ??application cannot be separated from the essential innovation of the algorithm, and the technology is also inseparable from commercial landing. Therefore, artificial intelligence and the real economy The combination is an important way for the country to expand its new kinetic energy and seize the commanding heights of the global industry. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China clearly proposes to promote the deep integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy. For enterprises, how to create a closed loop of ¡°artificial intelligence and real economy¡±? In response to national policies and actively exerting its own advantages, Defiance Technology has defined the synergistic development strategy of ¡°AI+IoT¡± and strives to realize the future development of the company by implementing the ¡°1+3¡± industrial layout. ¡°1¡± refers to the independent original AI technology system, which provides a solid technical foundation and support for the business; ¡°3¡± refers to the specific business carried out in the physical industry based on the personal IoT, public IoT and commercial IoT. On September 14th, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology officially announced the ¡°Innovative Project of Intensive Integration of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy in 2018¡±, defiance of the original AI technology system of ¡°Technology and Intelligent Deep Learning Platform Development and Application¡± as the focus of training resource service platform. The project was selected. In the practice of combining with the real economy, after 7 years of tempering, Defiance Technology has accumulated rich experience and achieved some achievements, making innovative technologies in finance, mobile phones, auto, security, community, logistics and retail. The scene is deeply applied. In the future, Defiance will always adhere to the ¡°AI+IoT¡± strategy and contribute to the sustainable and large-scale application of artificial intelligence. Where does the combination of artificial intelligence and industry push the change? How will technology subvert the existing market to create a new pattern? What emerging research is moving from the laboratory to commercialization? September 18th 14:00 - 18:00WAIC ??2018 will also invite MIT TR 35 young scientists to gather together to talk about "New Generation, Xinjiang Frontier, New Engine", which is the founder and CEO of Vision Technology, and the chief scientist of Vision Technology Dr. Sun Jian will share the brief history of AI development and the frontier of AI production and research. Please pay attention!WAIC 2018 | Defiance Technology Attends the Youth AI Scientists Forum to Inherit and Innovate AI Futures On September 18th, the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC 2018) Youth AI Scientists Forum was held at Shanghai Hanghui Building, Shanghai Vice Mayor Wu Qing attended the forum and delivered a speech. Yan Qi, co-founder and CEO of Defiance Technology, and Sun Jian, chief scientist of Desperate Technology and dean of the Institute of Defiance of Science and Technology, were also invited as representatives of science and technology in the field of artificial intelligence industry to share the ideology of cutting-edge AI research. Wu Qing, deputy mayor of Shanghai, attended the forum and delivered a speech. This forum is one of the most in-depth activities of AI science at WAIC 2018. Turing Award winners, several academicians, nearly ten MIT TR 35 winners, AI unicorn corporate leaders and university scholars gathered together to create artificial intelligence with the theme of "New Generation, New Frontier, New Engine" The road to the future will be discussed. At the same time, the Shanghai Economic and Trade Commission as the guiding unit, Shanghai Jiaotong University and Yuxin Technology jointly launched the Youth AI Scientists Union (Wutonghui) was formally established at the forum, and members of the alliance such as Shen Xiangyang, Sun Jian and Lu Cewu jointly launched the alliance. . Experts in the AI ??field launched the "Youth AI Scientists Alliance" to explore the AI ??boundary - the achievements of the AI ??industry research will continue. Today, artificial intelligence technology is flooding into every corner of society, causing subversive changes in the industry and people's lives. However, this change is far from the moment of stopping, and the application of artificial intelligence continues to expand, expand and deepen. To this end, in addition to continuing to strengthen the application of artificial intelligence in real-life scenarios, the frontier scientific inquiry in this field is even more necessary. The ¡°Young AI Scientists Talk¡± forum took this opportunity to invite a number of senior experts in the AI ??field to explore the future challenges and development of artificial intelligence research from the perspective of ¡°production, study and research¡±. Among them, Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute of Defiance, shared the research from the industrial side AI. Sun Jian (second from left), the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and the dean of the Institute, and the guests started the "AI Frontier Industry-University-Research" dialogue. The origin of artificial intelligence development is the breakthrough of deep learning technology. The current research on deep learning is still AI. The main direction of exploration for scientists and businesses. Sun Jian said that the current development of AI is mainly based on the study of deep learning over the years. Through continuous accumulation, it has been able to train very deep deep learning systems. At the same time, such a system is also open, as long as there is enough data volume, everyone can use it to develop technology and products, which is the source of AI's prosperity. Compared with the previous two years, the breakthrough in deep learning has decreased in the past year, and the industry is also worried about whether this trend will continue. In this regard, Sun Jian still gives an optimistic attitude. He believes that AI has the same peaks and troughs as other technical studies. In the field of artificial intelligence such as computer vision, there are still many smart people in the world doing research. In addition, he also pointed out that the government and society are constantly paying attention and input to artificial intelligence, and artificial intelligence research has better dividends than before, which will also promote AI in both theoretical innovation and industrial practice. Can have more results. A brief history of AI - inheritance and innovation achievements in the future from "the Arabian Nights" to "no one does not talk", the development of artificial intelligence technology has experienced a whole family. Today, artificial intelligence has begun to infiltrate into various industries. Whether it is the state, enterprises, experts, scholars or practitioners are discussing how to use artificial intelligence to improve production efficiency and empower industrial upgrading. But in addition to the technology itself, there are more instructive topics to be discussed - that is, in today's rapid development of technology, how to continue to cultivate artificial intelligence talents, so that leading talents can keep up with industrial development and achieve "AI Xing Wanye" A hundred years of planning? To explore this issue, the WAIC 2018 Youth AI Scientists Forum specially invited the 1994 Turing Award winner, Carnegie Mellon University professor Raj Reddy, and Microsoft Global Executive Vice President Shen Xiangyang, Vision Technology founder and CEO Yin Qi (MIT) TR 35), Professor of Shanghai Jiaotong University, Ph.D. Lu Cewu (MIT TR 35), founder and CEO of Minxin Technology, Zhu Mingjie (MIT TR 35), and Yao Ban from Tsinghua University, ACM class of Shanghai Jiaotong University, Dr. Wu Wenjun, The IEEE class, as well as the student representatives of the Junior College of China University of Science and Technology came to the scene and staged the ¡°Four Worlds¡± of the AI ??session. The old, middle, young and young AI scientists talked about artificial intelligence in the ¡°new generation¡± roundtable discussion. Inheritance and innovation. Shen Xiangyang showed the "Four Worlds Together" scene in the AI ??world on the forum. Shen Xiangyang first showed a precious "AI genealogy" to everyone. The picture shows the masters of artificial intelligence from the Dartmouth conference to the scholars and entrepreneurs of today's artificial intelligence. Raj Reddy's mentor is "the father of artificial intelligence" J. McCarthy. Raj claims to be the "second generation of artificial intelligence researchers." In more than 50 years of research, Professor Raj Reddy "trained" a considerable number of talents, in addition to Shen Xiangyang, including the famous computer scientist, the father of Java, James. Gosling, Chairman and CEO of Innovation Works, Li Kaifu, Hong Xiaowen, the fourth president of Microsoft Research Asia, and Huang Xuedong, the leader of Microsoft speech recognition. However, Professor Raj Reddy¡¯s answer to the question of cultivating scientists is quite Zen: ¡°In fact, I never train my students. I just give them directions and encourage them to let go and use their wisdom to find solutions to problems. They have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes.¡± Raj Reddy: ¡°I don¡¯t agree with you. But I encourage you to continue to try.¡± As one of the representatives of contemporary young AI scientists, Inge¡¯s growth from student to high-end leading talent is very typical. At the scene, Inch and his guests shared his three important stages of life and the key skills he learned from his mentor. ¡°In Yaoban, Tsinghua, Professor Yao taught me to set a top ultimate goal and insist on doing it, and believe that I am the best, because I believe so I see it ? this is what we advocate in the process of doing business today. I must strengthen my technical beliefs and continue to act; and my biggest achievement at Columbia is to learn how to tell a story, make a report, and have the skills to persuade others. This technique is mostly researched. What people don't have; when they come to Microsoft, Harry (Shen Xiangyang) tells me that I can't do one thing in one direction, and I should make adjustments to make a good balance between research and business." People and CEO Yinqi Throughout the ages, youth are the most dynamic and creative groups in different eras. However, is there a certain connection between "juvenile fame" and "juvenile class"? In this regard, Dr. Shen Xiangyang, who attended the university at the age of 13, has the most say. ¡°I think the more important thing is the goal and the way of learning. You have to know what you want to learn, what you want to do, and you can master the skills of fast learning instead of a simple test.¡± Dr. Shen Xiangyang pointed out, ¡°Of course if you can college in the morning, It's definitely a good thing. If it's night, it doesn't matter. Everyone has to re-create themselves and discover new things instead of graduating early." But I have to admit that most successful people are faster than ordinary people. Most of the guests in the Global Youth AI Scientists Forum are winners of the MIT TR 35 (35 MIT science and technology innovators selected by the MIT Science and Technology Review). The list means that the winners are The age of 35 years old has already made a significant impact or subversive contribution in the industry. In the field of artificial intelligence, Chinese youth face two rare opportunities: on the one hand, the background of the information revolution and the intelligent revolution, and on the other hand, the rise of China in the world's major powers and the strategic tilt of artificial intelligence. The 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference has released a clearer signal: the development of artificial intelligence is the responsibility and mission of the new young people in contemporary China. The contempt technology, with an average age of less than 30, is fortunate to be a pioneer in this wave of AI and is working to train a new generation of young scientists. In contempt, sufficient research resources and one-on-one training gave the geniuses a free and fulfilling growth environment. Yesterday we can win the world championship on behalf of Chinese science and technology enterprises. Today we still live up to the times and innovate in heritage; I believe that the goodness of tomorrow will be created by us.2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference | Despise AI+IoT Technology Innovation Drive Digital China Construction In the third week of September, it is necessary to become the busiest week in the technology circle this year. The artificial intelligence event WAIC 2018 has just come to an end. On September 19th, the world's top technology conference ¡°2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference¡± hosted by Alibaba Group officially kicked off. In four days, there will be thousands of top scholars, industry experts and more than 200 top technology companies from 64 countries, sharing cutting-edge technology concepts, demonstrating advanced innovations, and creating a massive technology. Carnival. As a strategic partner of Alibaba Group and the world's leading artificial intelligence technology company, Defiance Technology has once again traveled to Yunqi Town to showcase its latest artificial intelligence black technology (Booth No.: D1-218). This year's Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference focused on the ¡°Driving Digital China¡± theme, focusing on the booming and growing influence of digital technology in China and around the world. In recent years, with the strong promotion of the government, the construction of digital China is in full swing. The total number of China's digital economy has reached about 3.8 trillion US dollars, ranking second in the world. Zhang Yong, CEO of Alibaba Group, said at the opening ceremony of the conference: "The Yunqi Conference has entered its 10th year. Alibaba Cloud and Yunqi Conference have grown to a scale with global influence, and it is also digital China. Digital technology has been a microcosm of China's development over the past decade. Zhang Yong also believes that in the next 10 to 20 years, digital technology and the new generation of Internet it carries will definitely produce politics, economy, commerce, humanities, people's livelihood, etc. All-round impact. AI+IoT drives digital China, both in the development of digital technology and in the construction of digital China, defying the wave of digital transformation from the beginning of its creation with artificial intelligence as its focus. Artificial intelligence collects and calculates data as the basis for survival and development. In the process of mining social scene data to develop artificial intelligence technology, it despises to explore the technological innovation path of AI+IoT, targeting individual IoT, commercial IoT and public IoT. The core data generated in the big object scene, combined with its world-class deep learning algorithm, can create artificial intelligence technologies and products that can bring subversive cost reduction and efficiency upgrades to the financial, security, community, retail, mobile phone, logistics and other industries. At the 2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference, contempt brought the latest technological achievements under the AI+IoT concept ? Visionary City Eye 2.0, digital stores, intelligent logistics robots and other AI products, one beyond your imagination. In the future of the smart world, contempt is presenting it (Booth No.: D1-218). Safer due to AI - Defiance of the city Tianyan 2.0 at the Yunqi Conference site, Jin Zhi, deputy director of the Zhejiang Provincial Public Security Bureau officially released the "City Data Brain" traffic V2.0 in Hangzhou. Hangzhou City Brain has brought qualitative improvement to the improvement of Hangzhou urban transportation and other fields with the technical support of Alibaba Cloud and other enterprises. However, in the Yunqi Exhibition Hall, there is also a ¡°urban brain¡± based on artificial intelligence machine vision technology ? that is, the urban eye system that despise. Despising the city Tianyan 2.0 debut in the Yunqi City Tianyan system, is a smart city integrated management platform based on the original deep learning algorithm. In 2015, Destiny launched the 1.0 version of the city's eye-eyes with face recognition as the core; after years of continuous technical upgrades and implementation practices, in 2018, the upgraded version of the City Eye 2.0 system was released. The upgraded "Eye of the Eyes" despise the technical requirements under the scenes of urban security, transportation, and governance, and develops face recognition, humanoid recognition, cross-camera tracking, vehicle identification, video structuring, intelligent analysis, etc. The integration of visual technology and big data analysis technology into the system has created a platform for online, visual, and intelligent analysis of urban key scene data and comprehensive management of the city, which is safe for urban security, transportation, and comprehensive treatment. Governance has brought about tremendous improvement. At present, contempt has also allowed ¡°Tianyan¡± to be spread across more than 100 cities across the country. Knowing you better because of AI - Defiance of digital store solutions At the 2016 Yunqi Conference in Hangzhou, Chairman of Alibaba Group Chairman Ma Yun proposed the "five new" strategy represented by "new retail." In the past two years, ¡°new retail¡± has detonated the commercial revolution of online and offline integration, profoundly changing the brand and traditional retail industry, and bringing new value to consumers. In May of this year, it despised the new intelligent retail business with AI+IoT technology innovation concept, and launched the industry-leading digital store solution consisting of ¡°retail cloud¡± and ¡°smart end¡± to establish a new retail industry technology application. New benchmark. At the 2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference show, Defiance also opened a digital store to showcase this new retail solution. Despise the display of a new generation of digital store solutions in Yunqi. The core of the digital store solution is to bring digital, online and intelligent improvements to store operations. In the digital convenience store, the smart terminal deployed in the contempt can identify and confirm the members of the store, and at the same time, through the core technologies of attribute analysis, trajectory tracking, product identification and intelligent shelf sensing terminals, the physical store can be digitally upgraded to help the merchants in real time. Grasp the dynamic trend, regional thermal distribution and commodity consumption preferences of the in-store customer groups under different conditions (age, gender, time, etc.). At the same time, combined with the existing ERP/CRM data of the retail enterprise, the digital store background models the merged data through deep learning, intelligently solves the problem of what goods are required to enter the store, when to purchase the goods, and how many products are selected; Help the store build a favorite image of the user group and implement user consumption recommendations in different scenarios. This intelligent auxiliary business decision-making system realized by AI+IoT can enable traditional retail operators to improve the store manager's ability in a short period of time, so that the young inexperienced store manager can quickly reach the store manager level of 5-10 years. In actual implementation, contempt has also applied this digital store solution to more than 1,000 retail enterprises across the country, including Hangzhou's good neighbors. More efficient due to AI - Despising intelligent logistics robots In 2018, Ma Yun once again proposed "new manufacturing" after the new retail. He believes that new manufacturing will redefine manufacturing and profoundly affect the upgrading of supply chain, business services, operations and other fields. . In the ignorant AI+IoT practice, new manufacturing areas have also begun to be laid out. Intelligent logistics robots are regarded as solving the high cost and low efficiency pain points existing in the traditional warehousing and logistics industry, and the robot products driven by artificial intelligence technology hope to replace the labor in the field of warehousing and logistics with "smart" machines to realize warehousing. The unmanned, automated and intelligent logistics operation and management bring the cost reduction and efficiency improvement to the industry. In the process of development, ignoring the technology of machine vision and intelligent scheduling based on advanced deep learning algorithms embedded in the robot, combined with specific scenes, the robot has intelligent picking such as ¡°goods to people¡±, ¡°order to people¡± and ¡°P2P¡±. And handling capacity. At the same time, contempt has also created a comprehensive solution of ¡°robot + warehousing system + data analysis¡± for warehousing, factory and other industry users, continuously helping the supply chain to improve overall efficiency and create more value for industry customers. Defiance of intelligent logistics robots first in the field of industry, the current defiance has created the largest 500 robotic smart warehouse in Asia, Tianjin "Future No. 1" warehouse, in the industry many applications on the front line have defied intelligent logistics robots The figure. In addition to the above three innovative black technologies, contempt also showed the face recognition unlocking and portrait light effect technology in the mobile phone field at this conference; the face recognition access panel machine products applied to the industry IOT scene . There are also intelligent hardware innovation products MegEye-C3S intelligent capture machine, MegBox B2R front-end computing unit and personal identification machine. Defiance AI+IoT is landing in a wider range of industry scenes. Through persevering innovations in artificial intelligence products, contempt for industry-leading business in many industries, the consequent increase in industry segmentation provides a larger amount of data processing for contempt. In the face of the data trend of blowout, in addition to continuous optimization and upgrade at the algorithm level, it is necessary to equip the computing power with more powerful hardware facilities to accelerate the iterative innovation of artificial intelligence technology. In this regard, contempt for the excellent cooperation between artificial intelligence "data, algorithms and computing power" through cooperation with Alibaba Cloud. In the recent MS COCO competition in the world's computer vision field, relying on the powerful computing power provided by Alibaba Cloud's latest generation GPU cloud service server GN6 family, Vision Technology won four world firsts and became the biggest winner of this competition. . Alibaba Cloud has a public cloud GPU computing cluster with domestic scale and technology leadership. With the support of Alibaba Cloud's security, stability and high performance, the road to innovation in defying artificial intelligence technology has become more stable and smooth. In the future, the dividends brought about by the vigorous development of digital technology will spread in all corners of the world, and China has now entered the fast lane of digital economic development. As Zhang Yong, CEO of Alibaba Group, said, only the perfect combination of new energy and new technology can really drive the development of digital China. Defiance will continue to adhere to the innovative development of artificial intelligence technology, and will also share a new chapter in the future development of science and technology with partners in more fields.The subject of artificial intelligence will be set up. The impact of artificial intelligence on the development of the economic industry is indelible, and the scope of coverage has become wider and wider. The significant influence of AI technology on the education industry is the representative of it. The arrival of the artificial intelligence era determines the development direction of the future education industry to a large extent. It will be more closely integrated with artificial intelligence. At that time, AI technology will be the core. Education and smart parks will also be established one after another. Previously, more than 20 colleges and universities across the country have jointly signed relevant proposals for the establishment of undergraduate majors in artificial intelligence. This also means that artificial intelligence has entered the education sector and is popular among colleges and universities. It is not a distant matter. In the era of artificial intelligence technology, all walks of life will show unlimited power with the integration of AI. In order to further realize the seamless connection between professional and industry, the professional subjects related to artificial intelligence also ushered in the era that must be established, which will have a significant impact on enhancing students' innovative ability and entrepreneurial awareness. In view of the wide application range of artificial intelligence technology, and its adaptability and permeability are relatively strong, it has relatively high feasibility as a discipline. The impact of artificial intelligence on education is first and foremost the traditional education, which is the influence of higher education. By increasing the professional categories of artificial intelligence, schools can set up more distinctive AI technology majors according to their own characteristics, and create more professional training programs and courses to cultivate cutting-edge talents with artificial intelligence technology. In this way, the establishment of excellent talents will bring better source protection. At the same time, in order to realize the employment value of students, it will also bring stronger protection. The education and wisdom park will become the development direction of the future education industry. It will benefit from the characteristics of the artificial intelligence professional subject. At that time, the education will also present a richer AI element, and a set of educational smart park solutions that integrates intelligence and efficiency. It will also be gradually put into becoming one of the strategies for building artificial intelligence professional subjects that more universities can learn from. Relevant professionals believe that the establishment of educational smart parks is a new understanding of artificial intelligence affecting the education industry, re-deploying AI technology to a more detailed level, so that more new generations of people can access the artificial intelligence profession. Charismatic features, while inspiring these young people's entrepreneurship and creating passion, are also sending more and more AI talents to the society. In the future educational smart park setting program, more intelligent professional subjects will be set up, perhaps their names are not the same, but they are all different, they are all based on big data. Smart subject.