Is machine learning so amazing? Look at AI from face VIP recognition. The topic of machine learning and AI has been maintaining a very enthusiastic trend for several years. A number of AI products such as face VIP recognition have also been born on the market. Many people have identified these products from face VIPs and concluded that AI may control humans in the future. In fact, such conclusions are nonsense. Recently, Michael I. Jordan, an academician of the US Academy of Sciences and a machine learning leader, and a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, explained his profound understanding of artificial intelligence and machine learning in an AI meeting. Professor Jordan talked about this topic in a forum. He believes that products such as face VIP recognition are actually a collection of data, which is essentially invented by humans. The so-called machine learning is just constantly imitating human behavior, and this behavior is the most basic. In addition, he also said that the current people exaggerated the ability of AI, because there has not been such a thing before, so this craze will appear. When life is filled with face-to-face VIP recognition products, it will become commonplace. For some people, it is now in the AI ??era, Jordan said that he does not recognize it, because he feels that it is not enough to call it the AI ??era, because the scenes of the machine's own consciousness in the film science fiction film still do not happen in reality. As for the wisdom of the alpha dog, Jordan said that he does not recognize such behavior, because it can win only because humans have stored a large amount of data in it, it only draws conclusions through simple calculations, essence It is also controlled by humans. Machine learning requires a huge amount of data, and some people worry that personal privacy will cease to exist in the future. In fact, this is inevitable. From the words of Professor Jordan, we can see that artificial intelligence is definitely the mainstream of future development, but it is not as terrible as rumors, and it is still a primary stage. The emergence of products such as face VIP recognition has greatly facilitated our lives. Now more and more artificial intelligence products are put into our lives. I believe that there will be better products in the future to make our lives more colorful. Some people have a very exclusive attitude towards the artificial intelligence industry. In fact, this is completely unnecessary. An emerging industry is controversial at the beginning, but what we have to do is to accept it instead of reject it. The development of an industry requires all human beings to work together. In this way, the industry in the future is enough to change the world. Face VIP identification and other products are also simple to collect face data for analysis, these are the processing of data, in fact, this industry can also be seen as a mathematical industry, not rumored so magical. If you look at the industry correctly, you can unravel its mysterious veil.What is the embodiment of the face-paying technology in the era of artificial intelligence in the retail industry? In the era of artificial intelligence, intelligent technology has a high-profile admission to all walks of life and fully promotes the ecological change of the industry. For example, in the retail sector, face-sharing has become an increasingly popular payment option. In the past, brushing the face seems to be just the imagination of a science fiction movie. However, when the face payment was made in the 2015 Hanover Electronics Show in Germany, this payment method went down the altar with the popularity of artificial intelligence technology and entered our lives. At present, face recognition is one of the most mature and widely used technologies in the era of artificial intelligence, while face-paying is based on face recognition technology. In the retail industry, in addition to face-to-face payment, there are many smart terminal services around face recognition technology, such as intelligent welcome, member identification, user behavior track analysis, etc. All of these functions depend on face recognition technology and intelligence. Friendly adaptation of hardware devices. Adding identification capabilities to smart hardware devices can further help the sales industry analyze customer situations, store sales, and availability of goods. Through the cloud data in the background, this system can better calculate the habits of consumers, and can also help the store to develop a more reasonable marketing plan. For sales people, smart technology can simplify tedious work tasks. Intelligent voice services, or robotic automated services, can liberate labor, simplify, reduce costs and increase efficiency in shopping, replenishment, cashier, and many other areas that require traditional human support, and further satisfy customer demands. In this process, brush face payment as the final link of sales is also the core display of intelligent recognition technology. By recognizing the face and scanning the face, online payment can be completed. Based on the uniqueness of the face and the dynamic non-combination feature, the face payment can even surpass the fingerprint payment, which can create a more efficient and convenient payment environment for the user. So in the era of artificial intelligence, nothing is impossible. Now we don¡¯t even need to bring a wallet, maybe even the mobile phone will not be used in the future, because your face is your identity authentication, scanning through the smart terminal machine. And identification, you can complete different needs on different occasions, and the convenience of work and life has been greatly improved. Nowadays, the payment method of brush face is constantly expanding and extending. We are looking forward to a new technology that can further integrate our life and bring more convenience and surprise to the retail industry. The reality of our lives brings more intelligent elements to improve the quality of our lives.Global Smart Enterprise Strength Ranking What is the status of China's smart enterprise? In the age of technology, artificial intelligence plays an important role in all areas of life and work, and the number of smart companies is beginning to rise. In the competition of global smart enterprises, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China can be far ahead, and in other hard powers, China's smart enterprises may still have a lot of room for improvement. According to the data of an artificial intelligence enterprise PK ranking, in the global smart enterprises, the number of applications for artificial intelligence in the field of artificial intelligence should be the highest between China and the United States. Be ahead of other countries. However, to judge the strength of smart enterprises, we still have to look at two factors, one is the number of patent applications, and the other is the strength of patents. As we said above, although China has a relatively high number of advantages in patent application, there may be a certain gap between the patent strength and the US smart enterprise. Of course, this is only temporary and will change in the future. No matter what, no one can predict. However, as far as the current data is concerned, most of the types of companies applying for patent applications are technology-based enterprises that apply for the main body of the application, while in China, most of them apply for universities. From this point, we can figure out that there may be a certain amount of gap in the application of patents by China's current smart companies. Perhaps this may be because Chinese universities focus on deep development in the study of artificial intelligence, and the United States On the other hand, the number of patent applications applied by universities is relatively small, because universities there generally pay more attention to basic computer learning, and the research of these partial mathematical theories is difficult to protect by patents. In terms of the strength of patents, China's smart enterprises still have some room for improvement. As far as the world's strongest artificial intelligence companies are concerned, they have basically been undertaken by some of the top artificial intelligence brands. They not only have strength but also have quantitative advantages. Despite this, many people still believe that there will be many unknowns in the field of intelligence in the future, and the competition for the strength of smart enterprises is no longer limited to the current evaluation factors, and the future evaluation criteria will be further deepened. And it will involve more layers, and this data will change at that time. There is a long way to go, and there are more innovative solutions for artificial intelligence that we need to develop. We believe that there will be new weather in the future of the global human race track, and China will make unremitting efforts to seize the technical commanding heights.How will the rapid development of artificial intelligence improve the traditional security monitoring system? In recent years, as people's living environment has become more and more complicated, many security systems have been installed in the environment. The rapid development of artificial intelligence is actively promoting the continuous improvement of the security monitoring system. In the traditional video security monitoring system, the role of the security monitoring device is to replace the manual fact monitoring, which seems to be convenient for the user, but in the actual situation, as the data continues to increase, it is necessary to find effective in a large amount of data. Information has become a burden on the operator, and such burdens are increasing in traditional security monitoring systems. The development of artificial intelligence can effectively change this situation and intelligently upgrade the security monitoring system from various aspects. Big Data Analysis: As mentioned above, as video recording devices record more and more data, it is particularly difficult to manually find effective information. Big data analysis technology can play an important role in the security monitoring system. Using different algorithms to calculate, the system can quickly retrieve the target information in a large number of videos, automatically compare and analyze the data, and help users find the effective faster. information. Feature recognition technology: Artificial intelligence security monitoring equipment should have powerful feature recognition technology, including but not limited to face recognition, human body recognition and so on. In the field of public security, feature recognition technology has been widely used in security monitoring systems. In a large amount of video information, smart devices use powerful computing and analysis capabilities to analyze the characteristics of suspects and give the best clues. For traditional security monitoring systems, simple monitoring and recording functions are far from enough. Combined with the current development of network technology, perhaps artificial intelligence security monitoring will be the future direction. With the maturity of the artificial intelligence industry, not only security monitoring, but more and more traditional industries will gradually benefit, let us wait and see.Into life, face recognition software application scene more and more technology era, whether it is hardware or software update speed is getting faster and faster, and now people gradually find that once fiery fingerprint recognition technology is no longer synonymous with recognition, The latest face recognition software is slowly appearing in people's field of vision. Updates often mean more advanced, face recognition software can do better than fingerprint recognition software, and there are more application scenarios. The daily payment face recognition software application has been used more and more in daily payment. Different from traditional fingerprint payment and password payment, the biggest technical feature of face recognition software is to avoid the leakage of personal information. When using, the user only needs to face the camera, the system automatically takes pictures and scans the face, and then stores the information in the database. In contrast, the non-contact identification method adopted in the whole process is more conducive to avoiding the leakage of personal information and thus jeopardizing the security of personal accounts. The access control system is different from the traditional access control password, brush access control card, fingerprint recognition and other identification methods, and the face recognition software can bring more convenience to the access control system. For example, the traditional identification method in the access control system of enterprises often encounters the situation that employees forget to carry the access card and the dirt on the fingers. The latest face recognition only needs to collect and contrast the face images, which is accurate and fast. At present, the face recognition application in the security monitoring face recognition software can assist the monitoring equipment but is applied to urban security management, security monitoring and other scenarios. In public places such as stations, shopping malls, and airports, there are face recognition software applications. Especially in the monitoring system, the face recognition technology greatly enhances the intelligence level of traditional video surveillance, and has great significance for anti-terrorism, pursuit of fugitives, security monitoring and so on.Turing Award winner Yao Zhizhi: AI's basic research has a major impact on future scientific development October 12 news, 2018 Huawei fully connected to the third day, the world's leading computer experts, the only Chinese Turing Award winner, Tsinghua University cross Dean of the Information Research Institute, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and foreign academician of the American Academy of Sciences, Professor Yao Jizhi, expounded the new direction of artificial intelligence theory. Yao Zhizhi said that artificial intelligence is a hot topic, not only for various commercial applications, but also for many people in various universities and institutions. Taking Tsinghua University as an example, he briefly introduced the application of AI medical field in the Institute of Cross Information, such as disease gene mutation analysis and drug reaction prediction. Of course, as a good teacher, he has not forgotten to bring students' entrepreneurial projects at important conferences, such as Xiaoma Zhixing and Face++. Yao Zhizhi proposed three theoretical directions for artificial intelligence to be more mature. He said that in the last 5-10 years, artificial intelligence was developed based on deep learning technology. The technology developed in the past will eventually reach a stage of saturation. In the machine learning phase, it is closer to maturity. The previous algorithms are mathematically proven to achieve a certain effect. But deep learning is a completely different nature. It is scientifically impossible to make a reasonable explanation about why it can do so well. He said that scientists are now exploring whether deep learning can be seen from the perspective of information theory and statistical physics. Yao Zhizhi said that artificial intelligence is like a black box, and scientists can't explain what is happening in the current artificial intelligence algorithm. Therefore, improving artificial intelligence technology and understanding where its operating principle is, this is the new direction of artificial intelligence technology. This is the second new direction of artificial intelligence theory, that is, whether artificial intelligence and neuroscience can learn from each other. Quantum computers are now on the verge of being a revolutionary technology. Google, Microsoft, etc. have already begun research and exploration in this area. Whether quantum artificial intelligence can become the ultimate learning machine, in Yao Xianzhi's view, is also a direction that artificial intelligence is worth studying. He said that the Institute of Interdisciplinary Information of Tsinghua University established the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Research Center eight years ago. The research center has two main tasks, one is a quantum router for parallel access to big data, and the other is a deep neural network for quantum simulation. At the end of the speech, Yao said that the limits of intelligence and computing involve artificial intelligence, brain science, and quantum computing. He believes that artificial intelligence and machine learning can be regarded as a natural science, and its basic research has a major impact on future scientific development and human well-being.2018 AMB | AI will be defying technology with end-to-end intelligent security debut across the line October 23-26, 2018 China International Social Security Products Expo Security China (referred to as "AMB") will kick off in Beijing. This year's Expo is approved by the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Commerce. It is hosted by the China Security Association. With the theme of ¡°Building a Safe China, Serving the Belt and Road, and Innovating Intelligent Security¡±, it aims to present the ecological status of China's security industry in an all-round and multi-angle, and showcase security. Innovation and comprehensive application of technology and products in the construction of safe China and smart cities. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions in China, Defiance Technology will bring a variety of innovative technologies and products to this security industry event. Company Name: Beijing Vision Technology Co., Ltd. Exhibition time: October 23-26, 2018 (9:00-16:30, 26:00-13:00) Exhibition location: Beijing? China International Exhibition Center ( New Hall) No. 88, Yuxiang Road, Tianzhu District, Shunyi District, Beijing Location: E1 Artificial Intelligence International Hall E1X01 Currently, artificial intelligence is constantly pouring into the security industry. The integration of AI technology and security scenes such as face recognition and video structuring is This traditional industry has gained new value and brought deeper practical benefits to the practice of public security. As one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies to enter the security field, Defiance Technology has the world's top deep learning algorithm research and development and product building capabilities and deep industry experience. In the long-term practice, it aims to address the painful needs in the public security scene. A series of intelligent security technologies and products have been developed. At the 2018 AMB meeting, all the defensive security products will be unveiled. The intelligent security solutions and the full line of products are the full-scale display of the cutting-edge innovation strength of Vision Technology. At this year's Expo, the contempt of the exhibition area will be divided into ¡°AI in cloud¡±, ¡°AI in end¡± and ¡°AI in core¡±. The large theme section shows the intelligent security eco-industrial chain that Vision Technology uses AI to empower the cloud, terminal and chip, and the end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions based on ecology. Cloud Intelligence: Deliberate to use the big data combined with deep learning algorithm to develop the urban sky 2.0 system and the hole detection 5.0 system with integrated data visualization and industry-leading trajectory tracking functions, and will demonstrate through the on-site urban security scene application. Simulate real-time trajectory restoration, search for people, one person and one file, and other actual combat scenes. Terminal equipment, which is regarded as meeting the actual needs of various complex scenes, has created a variety of intelligent hardware products, such as the industry's first sensitive series of fully structured cameras that can realize human-car identification, and a chassis-separated upgraded version of the police. The processing and control equipment fast capture series portable 2.0, the original front-end computing unit Rubik's cube series B3R, and the latest face recognition algorithm developed by the sharp series of smart glasses, etc., unveiled. The smart chip is regarded as meeting the different needs of the actual combat scene. The optimization algorithm adapts to the application requirements of the high-middle and low-end chips, and introduces a new scene + chip ecological solution. At the same time, in the exhibition area, the contempt will be embedded in a new algorithm and The chip's fully structured camera is displayed in real time, and the industry-leading algorithmic power is fully demonstrated through a 300-person full-time capture and a real-time demonstration of a 16-channel video analysis box. At the moment when traditional security embraces artificial intelligence, it is defying the use of software and hardware to create a full value chain covering "algorithms, technologies, hardware products, solutions, data", and more contempt for intelligent security. The thinking of the times will be discussed with you at the E1X01 exhibition area of ??the E1 Artificial Intelligence International Pavilion of the Expo from October 23rd to 26th. We sincerely invite you to come!Defiance of technology with the Prime Minister's visit to the Netherlands to promote Sino-Dutch cooperation on the "big steps" with AI innovation On October 16, during the visit of Premier Li Keqiang to the Netherlands, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs jointly held the "2018 Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum" in The Hague. ". Premier Li Keqiang and Dutch Prime Minister Lutte attended the opening ceremony of the forum and delivered a keynote speech. Minister of Commerce Zhong Shan and Dutch Foreign Trade Minister Kage delivered speeches respectively. In this forum, more than 400 representatives from both governments and enterprises participated in the conference. Among them, Defiance Technology was also invited as a representative of China's artificial intelligence enterprises, and in-depth exchanges on Sino-Dutch technology innovation and economic and trade development. ¡ø Premier Li Keqiang attended the "2018 China-Netherlands Economic and Trade Forum" and delivered a keynote speech. The Chinese government has entered a new "big step". The forum was officially opened by a beautiful "accident". When Premier Li Keqiang was on the stage to deliver a speech, the foreign host who had not waited for the forum had not responded yet. Premier Li Keqiang had already got up from his seat and did not take the established route. Instead, he stepped on the platform and started himself. An impromptu speech. In this unusual scene, Premier Li Keqiang said: "I just like the Prime Minister of Ruth, and did not take the 'small steps' set by your sponsors. We both stepped on a 'big step'. This shows The current new relationship between China and the Netherlands, especially the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries, has really taken a new 'big step'." Li Keqiang, the wonderful metaphor of the scene, triggered more than 400 Chinese and Dutch entrepreneurs. A piece of applause and laughter. Later, Premier Li Keqiang said in his speech that he hopes that today's Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum, including the cooperation projects signed and negotiated between the two countries' enterprises, will achieve greater success and allow China-Dutch pragmatic cooperation to reach a higher level. AI+One Belt and One Road Promoting Sino-European Science and Technology Innovation In recent years, with the deepening of the ¡°Belt and Road¡± construction, more and more countries have launched multi-level and multi-field investment and cooperation with China. With the theme of ¡°High-tech Innovation and Sustainable Interconnection¡±, the 2018 China-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum focused on how to promote innovation and scientific and technological cooperation between China and the Netherlands and Central Europe in the construction of the ¡°Belt and Road¡±. As the leading artificial intelligence enterprise in China, the company's leading artificial intelligence enterprise, Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, made suggestions for Sino-Dutch cooperation with the core of artificial intelligence innovation and industrial development. ¡ø Devotion Technology President Fu Yingbo (second from right) attended the forum and discussed with Chinese and Dutch business representatives that Sino-Dutch economic development is one of the most cutting-edge research fields in the field of international science and technology. The technological innovation and industrial application of artificial intelligence will be Further promote global economic growth and bring profound changes to human society. Fu Yingbo introduced at the forum, Dedicated Technology was established in Beijing Zhongguancun in 2011. Since its development, the company has gathered more than 2,000 outstanding talents to jointly participate in artificial intelligence technology innovation and business practice. It is the world's top ten breakthrough technology - people The leader in face recognition payment technology is also one of the 50 smartest companies in the world. In the past three years, contempt has maintained seven times the annual revenue growth, helping China achieve transformation and upgrading in smart cities, smart finance, smart retail, smart warehousing and other fields. He pointed out that as a leading unicorn company in China, in July 2017, as a representative of technology companies, he made a report on innovation and new dynamism to Premier Li Keqiang, and the ignorant independent original technology won high recognition from the Prime Minister. Fu Yingbo also said that he has always responded positively to the construction of the ¡°Belt and Road¡±. He has not only set up an artificial intelligence research institute overseas, but also developed top-notch technology together with outstanding talents from various countries. Moreover, through technology and product empowerment, including Europe. Countries around the world apply to advanced AI technologies developed by Vision. Taking this opportunity, we contend that we hope to strengthen exchanges and cooperation with the Netherlands, build artificial intelligence R&D centers with partners from the Netherlands and European countries, and develop technology application markets in various industrial fields to help promote the development of artificial intelligence innovation in Europe. At present, in the context of global integration, both technological innovation and enterprise development must focus on the world, in order to obtain a steady flow of momentum. As an emerging technology industry, artificial intelligence is also considered to be an important basic resource in the future, like hydropower and coal. It will become a technology that is developed by countries all over the world. The development of artificial intelligence requires countries to join hands. In June 2018, contempt was also invited to attend the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium co-chaired by Premier Li Keqiang and French Prime Minister Philip, to explore cooperation with French entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence. . The participation of the Prime Minister in the Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Development Forum once again revealed the determination and confidence to despise science and technology. In the future, contempt will continue to actively grasp the opportunity to despise AI to the world and let Chinese AI benefit all mankind.Smart machines put on the market or will give birth to more jobs Now, people may come into contact with intelligent robots in their lives or in certain work situations. The emergence of intelligent robots can indeed change our current lifestyle and pattern, and even affect our perception of artificial intelligence. While it is widely believed that intelligent robots can increase production efficiency, some users are worried about whether intelligent robots can change or affect our employment rate. Some people think that intelligent robots will replace too many traditional human resources positions, resulting in insufficient number of original jobs and employment impact? This answer is no, because the birth of intelligent robots through various data will not only affect the future employment rate, but will create more new jobs. How is this understood? It can be guessed that intelligent robots are placed in various application fields, and their work items are executed according to the instructions. The work efficiency is improved, and the cumbersome work procedures are also simplified, which is for the operation of the enterprise and the execution of the project. , are all good things. And because more employees can be liberated from traditional positions, and replaced by intelligent robots, this part of the group can have more time to evaluate the efficiency of the results and feedback more accurate data. It also means that they will have more time to put in the project items that are maintained and tracked by the customer. Once they have more time to serve the customer and evaluate the results, the implementation rate of the project will be higher, and the chances of subsequent errors may be lower. In view of this, the emergence of intelligent robots can actually be a complementary and alternative role, he can replace humans to complete some regular, cumbersome, time-consuming processes, and humans can use these robots to complete complex projects. When they get out of the way, they can put more energy into the review and evaluation analysis. In the process, the demands of the core personnel of the management and the analysts will continue to increase, and new jobs will emerge. It is worth mentioning that this part of the computer-related job remuneration is generally not low, and most of them belong to some technical work. This also means that human beings can be released from the traditionally cumbersome low-income positions, and then they can touch high-paying positions in higher fields through learning. All these intelligent robots play a certain role in promoting, without these robots, humans. You need to be distracted. The birth of intelligent robots can not only help humans to share their worries, but also provide more potential for development.Defying the strategic cooperation with the Tianjin Municipal Bureau of Maps, Detecting and Defending the CCP to promote the deep integration of AI+ policing. Recently, China¡¯s artificial intelligence leading enterprises defiance technology and the Tianjin Municipal Public Security Bureau¡¯s Graphic Detective Defense Corps officially signed a strategic cooperation agreement. Strengthen the Tianjin science and technology police and police informationization work, deepen the Tianjin public security map detection big data strategy, and strive to improve the city's video image combat application level. The representative of Wei Li, the deputy chief of the team of the Tianjin Municipal Public Security Bureau, the deputy head of Hao Sanjun, and the deputy chief of the second detachment, Chen Xuesong, the vice president of the squadron and the general manager of the public security department, attended and completed the signing. At present, the rapid development and landing of artificial intelligence is profoundly transforming public security. Intelligent technologies such as face recognition and video structuring play an increasingly important role in the police work of public security organs. The State Council also issued a document stressing the need to ¡°promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in the field of public safety, promote the construction of a public safety intelligent monitoring and early warning and control system. Strengthen the intelligent transformation and upgrading of security equipment in key public areas, and support qualified communities or The city carries out demonstrations of public security areas based on artificial intelligence.¡± In response to the State Council¡¯s call to upgrade the fine-grained management and control system for urban security, Tianjin Municipal Bureau has continuously explored new smart police services integrating high-tech technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data. The model is to improve the information network, open up data barriers, and improve the overall combat capability to protect the security of Tianjin. As one of the leading end-to-end intelligent security solutions providers in China, Vision Technology is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the security field. It is good at deep learning algorithm research and product development, and has a deep understanding of the security industry. And a wealth of practical experience. In order to further develop the comprehensive strength of Vision Technology in the field of image analysis for face recognition, video structural analysis, vehicle identification, etc., accelerate and strengthen the politicization and intelligent transformation of Tianjin Municipal Bureau, at the meeting, despise technology and Tianjin The Municipal Bureau of Graphic Investigation conducted in-depth discussions on deepening the cooperation between police and enterprises, science and technology, and information construction. In the next step, Defiance Technology and Tianjin Municipal Bureau of Graphic and Detective Defense will carry out strategic cooperation in the field of public safety management and video in-depth application in Tianjin based on the principle of ¡°demand traction, technology promotion, complementary advantages, cooperation and long-term development¡±. Focusing on application directions such as "video analysis, face recognition, video structuring, and vehicle secondary recognition", we will promote the deep integration of artificial intelligence technology and public security, and jointly build and improve the requirements of the times, reflect the characteristics of Tianjin, and meet the needs of actual combat. The video image application system will enhance the support level of video images in combating crime and serving people's livelihood, and make unremitting efforts for Ping An Tianjin to artificial intelligence or change the employment pattern? Human-machine collaboration development is entirely possible! In which era the employment trend will show the unique nature of that era. In the 21st century, the employment trend is very important for people's survival and development, but artificial intelligence is constantly changing the employment trend. There is even a saying that artificial intelligence may replace the human resource model. Simply put, the machine may replace People's jobs, which in turn affect people's employment. So is the truth really like this? Not necessarily, when interviewing relevant industry experts, they all said that the probability of man-machine opposition in the job market is very low in the future. Although the emergence of artificial intelligence can indeed replace a certain part of the position, it is only limited to regular labor and Intellectual positions, and for some irregular labor and intellectual positions, the machine still does not play a substitute role. However, this is not the focus. The focus is on the emergence of artificial intelligence, which will not only affect the future employment trend. The situation of human-machine opposition will not appear. On the contrary, artificial intelligence will also change the employment trend and the basis for deepening the employment structure. The above gives the possibility of more development in the future employment pattern, and in this process, more job requirements will be born. what is this? The reason is simple. Because artificial intelligence creates intelligent life and work scenes, it replaces only regular labor positions, and it can't replace the work from the human experience. That is to say, some kinds of work involving irregular thinking, exploration, innovation, etc., will not be replaced by machines. With the deepening of artificial intelligence, some new demand positions and types of work are also being born. If artificial intelligence replaces two million jobs, then the future will replace it with more than double the demand for new jobs. Born. This is because there will be more and more demand for jobs and new types of work related to artificial intelligence. Many people define the future as the era of artificial intelligence, which means that some new jobs, new jobs, and new operating models will emerge in the future. This number will be more than artificial intelligence. There are more figures to replace human labor. So even though artificial intelligence has covered every area and will become mainstream in the future, it still has not been able to dominate the core of human labor. We can regard artificial intelligence as a new way of life rather than a technology. Artificial intelligence can change the future development pattern, and even become a growth point for promoting employment. Maybe not, human-machines can fully promote each other and develop together.The wave of artificial intelligence developers is booming. The wave of investment and entrepreneurship is booming In recent years, the topic of artificial intelligence has been in constant stream, and the number of developers based on this project is also increasing. In 2018, it was a year of booming artificial intelligence developers. Whether it was investment or entrepreneurship, there was no wave of the north and south of the country. Entrepreneurs and investors yearned for artificial intelligence technology and reached an unprecedented state. Since the concept of artificial intelligence has been proposed since the mid-1950s, after more than 60 years of ups and downs, it has finally matured under the new wave of mathematical and physicalization. At present, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China is huge, and it has almost covered all walks of life. Thanks to data explosion, computing power and technological innovation, in the era of entering the Internet in this century, artificial intelligence developers have emerged, opening up the era of artificial intelligence led by computer technology. Artificial intelligence companies currently distributed in various fields in China, they are born in this century, both investors and developers, they have great confidence in the future development of China's artificial intelligence market, and believe that this will be A rare opportunity to see in a hundred years. With the increase in the number of smart technology companies and the increasing application scenarios of smart technologies, and attracted by many users, more and more entrepreneurs have taken a fancy to artificial intelligence. Developers who focus on computer technology applications have become the mainstay of the development of the entire industry. These technicians have set up a team, started a company, and continuously deepened, creating a lot of gratifying achievements in the field of intelligence. Interestingly, most of China's artificial intelligence companies are starting from scratch, from small teams of several people to hundreds of technology companies, the ability of developers is self-evident. In addition to relying on strong technical strength, forward thinking and future thinking from developers on the artificial intelligence industry have helped them make the right choices and become the dominant player in artificial intelligence in China. Nowadays, the number of high-tech developers who are investing in artificial intelligence is still increasing. They have rich experience and excellent innovative thinking. They are the top talents who control computer intelligence technology. In the new year, artificial intelligence entrepreneurship has ushered in a new round of enthusiasm, deep into the developers of different industries, leading their teams, and constantly creating more services and products in the field of artificial intelligence. In the fields of finance, security, retail, mobile terminals, robots, etc., they have created a series of industrial solutions that combine technology, experience and personalization according to the needs of users, helping enterprises to achieve leap and constantly innovating the industry ecology. . With the enthusiasm for artificial intelligence technology, they will continue to peak the peak and make unremitting efforts to realize the big explosion of artificial intelligence!Capital Incoming AI Face Recognition Technology Becomes a Hot Investment Computer vision is one of the most mature technologies of artificial intelligence, and its application has already taken the lead in the financial, retail, Internet and other industries. Among them, face recognition is the fastest and most widely used technology in computer vision. The technologies such as identity authentication, enterprise attendance and personnel early warning based on face recognition are constantly blooming. Therefore, when artificial intelligence enters the financing hot, the face recognition technology with huge business opportunities naturally attracts a large number of investors to become the capital darling. Face recognition technology can cover many categories. This technology can be embodied in many different application fields through deep excavation of computer vision, and it can be applied to users, enterprises and even national level. In many work and life scenarios, a considerable part of the development of smart devices is developed based on face recognition technology, such as face recognition gates, enterprise attendance systems and so on. Now in some large-scale smart parks, if workers need to enter the park to work, they first need to pass the face recognition gates. These identification gates can rely on the control of the cloud system to effectively identify the identity information of the passing personnel and verify. The true identity of the user and decide whether to give them a release. In the process of business punching, the face recognition gates also replace the traditional punching system, identify the employee's identity quickly and identify the attendance registration. For strangers and visitors, this face recognition technology can also be used to identify and identify some unknown users to ensure the safety of the entire park and enterprises. Face recognition technology can also play a role in some of the more important meetings involving confidentiality. For some people who are not related to the conference, it can also be identified through this technology. The creation of the smart sign-in system is one of them. It can count the guests or conference personnel present and authenticate them to prevent some strangers from expanding. Personnel with illegal intentions enter, further maintaining the security of the entire meeting and venue. Nowadays, face recognition technology can present fast, accurate and stable features, and can be accessed to different enterprises through more flexible solutions, and customized adjustment according to the individual needs of enterprises, in order to better match The development of the enterprise provides enterprises with more powerful intelligent security and monitoring systems. In addition to the gates, there are many types of security devices derived from face recognition technology, including deep camera, smart camera, video analysis and other more complex applications are also one of the directions of face recognition technology. These projects have also become the most popular investment projects, leading the decision-making of investors.Defiance Technology and IDC Release Mobile Phone Industry White Paper Artificial Intelligence Leads Revolution in ¡°Vision¡± On October 19th, IDC China Digital Transformation Annual Ceremony was held in Beijing. The theme of ¡°Collaboration, Innovation and Acceleration¡± focused on the latest hotspots in the industry. Discuss the road of digital transformation in China with the industry's big coffee. At the meeting, IDC and Vision Technology released the industry's first "AI + mobile phone" industry white paper - "IDC mobile phone industry white paper: "vision" revolution." Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, attended the sub-forum of artificial intelligence and digital platform and shared the experience of Vision Technology in the AI-enabled mobile phone industry. After ten years of gold development, the smartphone industry ushered in an important turning point in development in 2017. The white paper mainly elaborates on the four aspects of "AI changes people's work and life", "AI leads mobile phone revolution", "AI helps mobile phone manufacturers differentiated growth case", "computer vision technology development prospects" four aspects of AI-driven, computer Visual technology is the core digital mobile phone industry transformation, pointing out the importance of platform-based ecological competition and technological innovation, and provides a reference direction for future smart phone AI vision solutions. What is AI, what is AI mobile phone today's artificial intelligence is not only a hot topic in the technology industry, ordinary consumers can see artificial intelligence products everywhere, such as sweeping robots, AI mobile phones, children's story machines, etc.; there are many traditional small and medium-sized enterprises The boss is asking: What is artificial intelligence, how will artificial intelligence change my business? In fact, the broad sense of artificial intelligence refers to machine intelligence, the essence of which is the wisdom that humans want to give to robots, so that machines can think like humans. We can compare AI to the human brain. It is a complicated system that can receive information, analyze data, and give corresponding decision suggestions according to different scenarios. The artificial intelligence's improvement of labor productivity and the enhancement effect on labor ability are mainly realized through two aspects: one is to make workers use time more effectively by replacing a large number of routine and repeated procedural work that can be automatically executed. Use time for more creative work. The second is to assist workers through artificial intelligence technology, so that workers can break through the limits of the human body and capabilities, and thus create greater value. After 60 years of ups and downs, artificial intelligence finally benefited from data explosion, computing power and technological innovation in a new wave of digitalization, and entered the mature stage, infiltrating into every corner of social life. The curtain of AI has been opened, and the human world is in the era of great change after the steam era, the electrical age, and the information age. China is in the process of digital transformation. AI is accelerating the digital transformation of the industry, and it has brought huge changes to life. Products such as smartphones, AR/VR devices, drones and smart homes have entered the consumer-scale large-scale application from the exploration of niche scenarios. But what can AI bring to the mobile phone industry? What is an AI phone? IDC pointed out in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper released by the joint contempt that mobile phones are the most important devices for carrying human digital life and work. Today's smartphones have changed from simple communication tools to the entrance of people's lives and work. In the future, mobile phones will not only become an extension of our body, but also help people to simplify their lives, share their work, and become human "personal assistants." Therefore, AI is becoming more and more indispensable for mobile phones. Since 2017, mainstream mobile phone manufacturers have introduced AI technology in their flagship models, and even mobile phones equipped with AI chips are becoming the mainstream of the market. For AI Phone, in fact, in July 2017, China Information and Communication Research Institute jointly released the ¡°AI Mobile Intelligent Terminal Blue Book¡± in AI+ mobile phone industry, and gave its definition: more direct service, ie faster More natural interaction, that is, warmer; smarter assistants, who know you better. But can a mobile phone with a face unlocked be an AI phone? Obviously not. IDC pointed out in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper that the value of AI for smartphones is to be able to predict user needs in advance and proactively give corresponding guidance or response. From Smart to Intelligent, AI unlocking is only the first step forward for the industry. . According to data from the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper released by IDC, the current ¡°AI+ mobile phone¡± is still at a relatively early stage. Many functional applications have limitations, but only in certain specific scenarios. Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, also said in the interview: "We are still far from the complete artificial smartphone. The real artificial smartphone should be meticulous to users, and it is perfect for comprehensive experience, consumption, process and performance control. Products, and what we are doing now is just AI Camera. Vision technology is the most direct and effective way to improve the user experience for the mobile phone industry.¡± Computer Vision sets off the mobile phone intelligence revolution in the 2017 IDC Consumerscape 360¡ã survey Among them, 51% of users will take photos as one of the seven choice factors for purchasing mobile phones. The ultimate pursuit of mobile phone image processing is becoming an important indicator affecting users' purchasing behavior. And computer vision technology coincides with the actual maturity and market demand, making visual AI a ¡°moat¡± for industry competition. According to the survey data in the white paper, the face unlocking and portrait beauty functions developed based on computer vision technology have a penetration rate of 75% and 90% respectively in mobile phone applications. It can be seen that in the mobile phone AI application, the visual application is The main appeal, computer vision technology is gradually growing into an important boost to achieve "AI mobile phone." The increasingly strong AI visual demand also puts higher requirements on the industry chain, and wants to bring the unexpected visual experience to the end users. The coordinated development of the industry chain and the innovation of visual technology are imperative, applications and algorithms. , solutions, hardware, interlocking, indispensable. In 2017, Defiance began to expand the core AI technology application to the mobile phone industry. Core-based deep learning and computer vision technology launched a series of mobile AI products such as face payment, face recognition unlocking, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, video beautification, 3D Animoji, etc. to meet different mobile phone manufacturers in the face The demand for unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing has reached deep cooperation with domestic headphone companies such as Huawei, Xiaomi, vivo and OPPO in less than one year. Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, ¡°Digitalization is the sum of industry, data and intelligence. Therefore, data, intelligence and industry are inseparable. Compared with the entertainment scene, we pay more attention to artificial intelligence technology in the industry. The essence of the problem, for the mobile phone industry, security is the most essential issue. In the digital age, mobile phones will become the most basic source of verification in the society. The unlocking and online authentication we are currently doing is essentially solving this problem." Xie Yinan said, "Of course, the revolutionary significance of AI+ mobile phones to the industry is that we can reduce the difficulty of equipment operation through technology, and everyone can use the mobile phone to take master photos, so that the intelligence of the machine can shorten people. In the mobile phone industry, contempt for the hope of being an enabler, integrating the entire industry ecosystem of chips, sensors, cloud services, algorithms and data." The integration of AI vision industry ecology is taking place. Chip manufacturers represented by Qualcomm, MediaTek (MTK), Ziguang Zhanrui, etc., as well as Orbbec, AMS, Sunny, and Wonderful Photonics ( Optical devices and module manufacturers represented by Himax) and Bellus-3D are in-depth cooperation with upper-level algorithms and application companies through strategic cooperation and capital stocks. In the future, the ecological structure of AI vision products will be more aggregated, and competition from a single product will shift to platform ecological competition. For example, mature 3D sensing technology needs to include optical system design, visual measurement algorithm design, chip design, embedded development, driver development, SDK development, 3D reconstruction computer vision, machine learning algorithm research, and cloud application algorithm development. In the technical aspect, this requires close cooperation with multiple vendors such as applications, algorithms, solutions, and hardware to achieve the ultimate user experience. On August 8th, 2018, Despising hosted an industry seminar on the theme of mobile 3D vision. At the meeting, Desperate Technology released the first "soft and hard" mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution. Algorithm innovation, application development, device manufacturing to solutions explain the contempt for innovation in mobile 3D applications. Defiance has become the benchmark for the AI+ mobile phone industry. The computer vision technology is one of the most mature technologies in the AI ??field. There are many typical applications in the image and video processing of mobile phones, and related algorithms are mature, face recognition, objects and scenes. Recognition, AI photographing, image edge extraction, and text recognition have become the core technical support for mobile terminals in functions such as secure unlocking, fast payment, smart beauty, video beautification, and reading and retrieval. As one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the industry to enter the AI ??mobile intelligent terminal industry, Vision Technology is also the industry's leading provider of mobile phone AI solutions. It is good at deep learning algorithms and product development, and has differentiated growth in AI to help mobile phone manufacturers. In the process, contempt has its own thinking and practice. Defiance Technology shared its application innovations in unlocking, payment, portrait processing and other scenarios in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper, including the first mass-produced Android model OPPO Find X equipped with 3D structured light, through massive data training and The core algorithm independently developed is regarded as the 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light effect provided by OPPO Find X, which brings a subversive human-computer interaction experience to the user. In cooperation with vivo, the technology is despised. Provides an infrared dual-pass zero-light face unlocking solution for the vivo X23 that retains only the front-facing camera for integrated unlocking experience, security and hardware costs. The Lenovo S5 Pro, which was just released on October 18, also incorporates defensive AI capabilities for unlocking, 3D beauty and portrait lighting. IDC pointed out in the white paper that computer vision technology packaging will become a key link in the mobile phone industry chain. It can be seen that the application of computer vision technology in the mobile phone field is becoming mature, but there are still too many application scenarios for technology itself. The current market attention, penetration rate and technology adoption scenarios are relatively high, such as face recognition, object recognition, object detection, etc., which still stay in the more basic object detection stage, in more specific event detection, more flexible people The application of machine interaction and more complex information reorganization and autonomous behavior is obviously insufficient. Therefore, both the computer vision technology itself and the market prospects of the AI+ mobile phone industry have a very large imagination. With the advent of the artificial intelligence dividend and the Internet of Everything, AI faces a new development opportunity, and the integration with the Internet of Things will be closer. As a window for individuals to embrace the IoT era, mobile phones will be innovated by new technologies in the process of social digitalization. Defiance Technology will continue to explore the field of mobile intelligence in the process of cultivating the industry with AI vision technology, and work with more ecological partners to lead the transformation of mobile phone ¡°vision¡±.Defiance Technology Chen Xuesong: Urban Brain Construction Program, 4321 Classic Architecture Defiance is a provider of IoT solutions with artificial intelligence as its core. Urban governance is currently a comprehensive and focused issue. Now it has changed from a single line management to a comprehensive management. With the development of the city, grid application, regional small closed loop, and small cell management have become the comprehensive problems of urban management. Through the joint governance approach, the previous sample sample data has been used to provide services for urban governance, and it has gradually been developed to authoritative development. This is the biggest challenge facing urban governance. Urban governance has changed a lot in the current social environment. The whole society is now a perceptive society. Whether it is online or offline data, it has accumulated more than before. In the past, obtaining data through manual collection has been far from being able to support the rapid operation of society. Therefore, it is a key tool in social governance. The data cells collected by each data unit constitute the entire data cube, which is the key basis for the overall urban governance and smart city decision-making. At the same time, all the data is not just a vertical upward link, but a closed loop of microcirculation, which means that in addition to government integration data, the data collected by each unit is also used for self-operation, self-management and self. Autonomy is also a key challenge in the current society. That is to say, data is everywhere, and there are micro-loops and large loops. What is the ¡°urban brain¡± in the eyes of contempt? The ¡°brain¡± is the decision-making body of the city. The emergence of the urban brain lies in the accumulation of massive data, which exceeds the processing power and processing time of human beings, whether it is the rapid emergency dispatch of intelligent traffic or the popular analysis of authoritative data collection. The response speed and processing frequency of people have been exceeded. The "urban brain" can look at several latitudes: the first is the core, called the "eye of the city." Only by seeing and seeing can you know how to do it, so the construction of the eye of the city has become the core foundation. The second is the problem of combining divisions and divisions, that is, "industry divided brains." The traffic of the tube operation, the urban management of the tube management, the health care of the tube, and the community of the tube of happiness are all vertical latitudes. As long as this industry exists, the brain will certainly exist. With the development of technology, there are two infrastructures, one is the Big Data Supercomputing Center and the other is the IoT computing platform. The concept just mentioned - "The Eye of the City", perhaps everyone's understanding of it is not so clear and intuitive, let us look at what data in life is running all the time? For example, social surveillance cameras of enterprises, institutions and communities, as well as daily traffic, hotels, airports, railway stations, etc., have realized the data collection and behavior analysis in daily life, including various types of personnel terminal, Internet cafes, Basic statistics based on behaviors such as hotels. These are the collections of urban data that happen all the time, and we call it the eye of the city. After the smart city has data collection, what is the idea? We believe that there are four links: one is to conscientiously, that is, to perceive the existing data to know where and where it exists; the second is to penetrate, to judge and analyze all the rules and operating mechanisms of the collected data. The third is to judge and establish a model. At the same time, the emerging smart city is not a single number, nor is it input-based feedback. What is important is prediction, early warning and prevention, management of future development trends, and early scheduling, which depends on the model. Decision making ability. The fourth is reflection, acting on the city. There are two links in reflection, one is urban-level decision-making, and the other is micro-cell cycle. The overall structure has a relatively classic system framework diagram, called 4:32: four is the urban division, in line with the information architecture architecture; third is the business level, including city, industry and enterprise; second, two types of processing , including data processing and platform organization; one is a computing and operational competence center. (Starting with "First, Computation and Operational Competence Center") The core of a city's brain is the operation center. With the development of data and scale expansion, computing power is a huge challenge. The computing power of some current business systems is not enough because it deals with structural information. Every two hard drives in the world are used for video storage, a government, a city resource, and 5% of big data is structured data, generated by personal collection and statistical means. There are still 95% of all kinds of video information. The previous videos are for people to watch. The storage mode is nothing more than two types. The government public security requires three months of storage, and the requirements of enterprises, institutions and communities for one month, and then non-stop. New brush. There were a lot of business projects that used data precipitation and management, 95% was used to precipitate these data that could not be recognized by the machine, but the emergence of artificial intelligence, so that these data can be applied, brought new challenges, need to have Stronger computing power and infrastructure. Another dimension just mentioned, two platforms, two buses. One is the data bus and the other is the service bus. Data bus, 5% of the data is the base point information, which is the basis and origin of many data. The identity information and the basic description information of the person are generated by it. There are other 95% from video that can be structured, analyzed by data, and produced with greater social value through intelligent processing and collisions, including faces, videos, tracks, vehicles, daily actions, behavior patterns, etc. . This information is generated by the system, 5% of the original base point information, plus 95% of the information generated through intelligent analysis, constitutes the current data foundation. A simple point, people, cars, plus vehicle frequency, trajectory analysis, as well as features, structural restoration, can form data units, expand business applications of various dimensions. The units in each place constitute social statistics. A small data unit based on the entire urban environment constitutes the data cube of the entire city. This is the first bus, called the data bus. It builds the foundation of the entire big data platform, covering video structuring, covering social network data, mobile terminal, track all dimensions of data, through the superposition of spatio-temporal information, generating various types of business value, for all types of upper-level Business provides support. The other bus is the service bus. With data, how business applications are connected and how they are connected, and how horizontal cross-cutting and interaction between services. The service itself has two dimensions of work, one is to use data, and the other is to process data through the service. Therefore, the service bus builds the application foundation of another business, that is, the upper layer of business support opens up the following data collection, and generates new business value through its own use, processing and collision of data. On the one hand, it restores to the data bus to generate new service interchanges, which generates explosive growth, and at the same time provides good support for upper-layer business applications. Various business applications can further deepen and tap their own business value. Later, we will focus on three types of applications, how to form a running business experience of a city brain. Including three levels: city level, industry level and enterprise level. Urban-level applications are the focus of social governance. Traditional urban governance requires a lot of manpower in the chaos and chaos on the roads. The current urban management model is based on two types, one is a telephone call, that is, a message is heard to produce data. The other type is patrolling inspections, all of which are after the event, or after things have reached a certain level. I believe that everyone has their own experience. For example, when driving on the road, I found a tire on the road. The first reflection is to avoid it after the discovery, and there is no accident. At this time, you don¡¯t have time to stop and then take this thing. The report goes up, in fact, the risk of stopping is very big. Therefore, it is easy to produce a long tail effect, which will be responded to and dealt with for a long time. Based on the video-based monitoring system, through the video analysis technology, 19 types of development prediction and supervision have been realized, including abnormal conditions on the road, illegal violations based on environmental analysis, and open fires in urban supervision. Hundreds of thousands or even millions of surveillance cameras in a city can now be digitized and intelligentized by AI. Collecting this information can eliminate hidden dangers in the bud. Urban-level applications also include traffic management. The previous traffic management is more reflected by the bayonet technology. If there are 2,000 city bayonet ports in a city, there are 200,000 monitoring systems. The current technology can be realized on the side of the road. That is, the surveillance camera on the sidewalk, in the range of 40 to 60 degrees, to achieve the card. Vehicles, non-motor vehicles and pedestrians have expanded in several dimensions. At the same time, because of the management of the parking spaces on the side of the city roads, the dynamic traffic and static traffic were opened. In addition, the ubiquitous network has also helped to achieve traffic prediction and management of urban capillaries. Traffic predictions in many cities now rely on sensors on taxis to reflect traffic conditions. When we are navigating, we often find out why there is a certain lag in traffic congestion. There is no blockage or redness over there, or congestion is still not reflected. However, through this real-time collection, the opening of the capillaries can not only know the cell from which the car is driven out, but also realize the real intelligent dispatching, thus effectively solving the traffic problem. Another application is Internet + government services, which are now fully realized in Xinjiang, Wuhu and Qingdao. The Chinese government has done a lot of intelligent upgrades in government services, and the key point is the online identity verification. In the past, a business often had to run in many places and proved "you are you" in various ways. Now with front-end intelligence, you can complete a series of valid certifications through your mobile phone, so that government affairs are opened. Because China is a file-based country, although the electronic file has not yet been implemented, the government will send all the things that require your signature to the street nearest you, and go to the street to sign the word once to complete the formalities, so it is a one-time service. This is also the intelligentization of urban services that has brought us the Internet and government affairs. For industry-level applications, it is the special business of each commission office, taking public security as an example, such as integrated synthetic operations, based on various analysis, such as abnormal running, gathering, discovery of major disasters, etc. Deepening perception and processing, which is a vertical industry application. It includes the control of key populations and the security of major activities, forming a three-tier distribution area, effectively managing the application management capabilities of blacklists, whitelists, and greylisters. There are also industry-level applications that are communities. The community is not an enterprise-level type. It is essentially a grid-based management within the scope of urban governance, including community security and community management, such as access to the entire community. Business analysis of people, car diversion, and vehicle management. This is a cluster of cells based on a specific place. Through the analysis of human behavior, the information of abnormal personnel, key personnel and so on is effectively stripped. For example, the elderly, if they live alone for three days do not go downstairs, or do not go downstairs for two days, they will call the police. For people other than normal residents who appear at high frequencies in the community, there may be pyramid schemes, thieves, and the like that can be stripped out by the frequency of behavior. There is also a pass-through verification based on face and vehicle verification, which finally forms a big data platform, providing the most subtle data for the entire community governance and urban management, forming a larger data cube. Of course, it also includes community health, community pension, and so on. Old-age care for the elderly is also a key problem. Most elderly people are either sick in bed or with their children. The collection of pensions was previously done on-site verification. Either you go to the Civil Affairs Bureau or the Civil Affairs Bureau clerks come to your home. Now by brushing the face, through intelligent solutions, remote verification can be achieved, which is convenient for the staff and the elderly. There are also some enterprise-level applications, including new retail. Retail is a relatively closed environment. We know that 20% of the world's retail data is online, generally generated in Ali, JD, Amazon and other e-commerce platforms, and 80% happen to be around, is offline retail stores, supermarkets Wait for the scene. The business logic of the new retail is essentially to open up the line and offline. What it does is the data collection of people, goods and fields, that is, the interaction between people and the whole environment and the whole goods. It is not just collecting you to buy. The transaction data that occurs after the behavior, as well as your analysis of the attention of the items in the entire environment, and the time-frequency of consumption in a certain area, help the retailer adjust the supply, distribution and sales strategies. The core of the retail industry is to care about the surrounding consumer groups. The most important indicator is the distribution. What time is the distribution of goods, which determines the profit of the retail industry. Before the new retail, all the business giants are doing it. In essence, it is necessary to achieve online and offline data, and realize the offline retail industry is also like online. It is not just about what you bought, but also what you watched and paid attention to. What, and what you will be more interested in in the future. Other applications include smart campuses, enterprise-class smart access and campus management. Finally, urban transportation, social services, urban security and so on were constructed. All of these business applications are ultimately built into the urban brain. The urban brain is not completed overnight. It is not all the big systems. It must be built by various applications, various links, technologies, and small and micro cycles. To provide application data to the upper layer, we must also provide guidance to ourselves. This is the city brain that we truly have vitality and vitality. All our efforts are for artificial intelligence to create all the good, thank you.The scope of application of artificial intelligence robots is infinitely expanded. The birth of artificial intelligence robots is a positive change for the whole industry. Artificial intelligence robots can replace traditional manpower positions, which can not only save more human resources costs for enterprises, but also be effective. Improve work efficiency and provide more powerful technical support for a part of the repetitive, cumbersome and uninterrupted process. Nowadays, the R&D technology of artificial intelligence robots is constantly improving, and its application range is constantly expanding. The influence of these brain-equipped robots on the whole society and industry is deepening. In terms of applications, artificial intelligence robots can be seen earlier in the field of unmanned logistics. In the past, traditional logistics required a lot of manpower and material resources, and the structural cost of the investment required was huge. However, with the artificial intelligence robot, all this is changing. All the processes replaced by artificial intelligence robots can be completed by robots. The robots can flexibly engage in related transportation, parts, delivery, etc., even robots, according to the pre-adjustment plan. By intelligently identifying and mastering the control links of logistics and transportation projects, the efficiency of the entire logistics industry is greatly improved, and at the same time, significant cost is saved. In addition to the logistics and transportation industry, artificial intelligence robots have emerged in the recruitment process and play an irreplaceable role. These robots can give targeted candidates to the company through the calculation plan set by the company, improve the connection degree of recruitment, and greatly strengthen the level of self-control of the application, improve the efficiency of the enterprise, and help the enterprise to be faster. Find the right person. In the field of smart retailing, artificial intelligence robots also play an important role. It can replace the technicians in traditional positions, and can also serve as an alternative artificial intelligence chef. For example, before the launch of a certain brand of artificial intelligence robots that can make coffee, you can make a cup of delicious coffee in a minute, providing more possibilities for the unmanned retail industry. In the future, artificial intelligence robots will be deployed in more different fields, and the powerful magic of artificial intelligence algorithms will be fully utilized. The unique advantages of artificial intelligence robots can make up for the shortcomings of traditional human resources operations, and at the same time bring more technological experience to enterprises or users. China, with its increasingly mature artificial intelligence technology development technology, is increasingly shining in the field of robotic empowerment.The core display in smart retailing - the trend of unmanned retail applications In the current era of smart retail, consumers can complete shopping through offline settlement or unmanned retail through offline store purchases. As one of the important branches in the development of the intelligent retail industry, the emergence of unmanned retail has brought a refreshing experience to users' lives. At present, the research and development of smart retail is mainly carried out for the following major sections, including customer behavior analysis, commodity identification, shelf supervision, logistics and settlement, and through the application of artificial intelligence technology, people in the smart retail scene The products, goods, fields and other elements are fully digitally upgraded, and the efficiency of the store operation is extreme and the copying is simplified. As one of the many formats of smart retailing, unmanned retail has become a pioneering project, and it has really entered our lives and played an increasingly important role. When we entered the unmanned retail store, there was no staff to serve us. The whole process was our own shopping and settlement, and the implementation of the entire unmanned retail solution was finally completed through feedback from intelligent data terminals. Because there is a smart front-end camera and analysis equipment in the vicinity of the store, as a carrier of feedback data. Through the collection, storage and analysis of people, goods and field data to achieve data closure, on this basis, users can push more accurate news and help stores achieve intelligent marketing. It is worth mentioning that the current high-accuracy product identification technology based on artificial intelligence technology is constantly improving, and it is also increasingly benefiting more unmanned retail projects, providing more for the development of unmanned retail. Powerful motivation. According to relevant data, the self-service settlement rate in 2017 has been greatly improved, which means that more and more consumers will choose the unmanned retail mode, and they will pay for themselves through the self-service settlement of smart retail. The final result is a one-stop shopping experience. This will also become a trend in the future. Through the data, we can foresee the new wind vane in the future of smart retail, which will continue to affect the retail industry and other surrounding industries. Smart retail will show more new attitudes in the future, and as a citizen, we can also access smart retail through more different links and enjoy the surprise that smart retail brings us. Of course, as a new artificial intelligence technology, there are still many links in the future of smart retail that need to be improved and improved. For example, in image recognition and customer management, more leap is needed.What is the embodiment of the face-paying technology in the era of artificial intelligence in the retail industry? In the era of artificial intelligence, intelligent technology has a high-profile admission to all walks of life and fully promotes the ecological change of the industry. For example, in the retail sector, face-sharing has become an increasingly popular payment option. In the past, brushing the face seems to be just the imagination of a science fiction movie. However, when the face payment was made in the 2015 Hanover Electronics Show in Germany, this payment method went down the altar with the popularity of artificial intelligence technology and entered our lives. At present, face recognition is one of the most mature and widely used technologies in the era of artificial intelligence, while face-paying is based on face recognition technology. In the retail industry, in addition to face-to-face payment, there are many smart terminal services around face recognition technology, such as intelligent welcome, member identification, user behavior track analysis, etc. All of these functions depend on face recognition technology and intelligence. Friendly adaptation of hardware devices. Adding identification capabilities to smart hardware devices can further help the sales industry analyze customer situations, store sales, and availability of goods. Through the cloud data in the background, this system can better calculate the habits of consumers, and can also help the store to develop a more reasonable marketing plan. For sales people, smart technology can simplify tedious work tasks. Intelligent voice services, or robotic automated services, can liberate labor, simplify, reduce costs and increase efficiency in shopping, replenishment, cashier, and many other areas that require traditional human support, and further satisfy customer demands. In this process, brush face payment as the final link of sales is also the core display of intelligent recognition technology. By recognizing the face and scanning the face, online payment can be completed. Based on the uniqueness of the face and the dynamic non-combination feature, the face payment can even surpass the fingerprint payment, which can create a more efficient and convenient payment environment for the user. So in the era of artificial intelligence, nothing is impossible. Now we don¡¯t even need to bring a wallet, maybe even the mobile phone will not be used in the future, because your face is your identity authentication, scanning through the smart terminal machine. And identification, you can complete different needs on different occasions, and the convenience of work and life has been greatly improved. Nowadays, the payment method of brush face is constantly expanding and extending. We are looking forward to a new technology that can further integrate our life and bring more convenience and surprise to the retail industry. The reality of our lives brings more intelligent elements to improve the quality of our lives.Global Smart Enterprise Strength Ranking Trends What is the status of China's smart enterprises? In the age of technology, artificial intelligence plays an important role in all areas of life and work, and the number of smart companies is beginning to rise. In the competition of global smart enterprises, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China can be far ahead, and in other hard powers, China's smart enterprises may still have a lot of room for improvement. According to the data of an artificial intelligence enterprise PK ranking, in the global smart enterprises, the number of applications for artificial intelligence in the field of artificial intelligence should be the highest between China and the United States. Be ahead of other countries. However, to judge the strength of smart enterprises, we still have to look at two factors, one is the number of patent applications, and the other is the strength of patents. As we said above, although China has a relatively high number of advantages in patent application, there may be a certain gap between the patent strength and the US smart enterprise. Of course, this is only temporary and will change in the future. No matter what, no one can predict. However, as far as the current data is concerned, most of the types of companies applying for patent applications are technology-based enterprises that apply for the main body of the application, while in China, most of them apply for universities. From this point, we can figure out that there may be a certain amount of gap in the application of patents by China's current smart companies. Perhaps this may be because Chinese universities focus on deep development in the study of artificial intelligence, and the United States On the other hand, the number of patent applications applied by universities is relatively small, because universities there generally pay more attention to basic computer learning, and the research of these partial mathematical theories is difficult to protect by patents. In terms of the strength of patents, China's smart enterprises still have some room for improvement. As far as the world's strongest artificial intelligence companies are concerned, they have basically been undertaken by some of the top artificial intelligence brands. They not only have strength but also have quantitative advantages. Despite this, many people still believe that there will be many unknowns in the field of intelligence in the future, and the competition for the strength of smart enterprises is no longer limited to the current evaluation factors, and the future evaluation criteria will be further deepened. And it will involve more layers, and this data will change at that time. There is a long way to go, and there are more innovative solutions for artificial intelligence that we need to develop. We believe that there will be new weather in the future of the global human race track, and China will make unremitting efforts to seize the technical commanding heights.Devotion to Qualcomm 4G/5G Summit to carry out in-depth cooperation on the terminal side AI October 22-24, 2018 Qualcomm 4G/5G summit was held in Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong, the summit around 4G/5G, AI, mobile computing, IoT and Hot topics such as wireless technology have been launched, attracting many operators, equipment manufacturers, hardware and software technology vendors from all over the world. As a Qualcomm deep partner, Wu Wenzhao, Senior Vice President of Face++ Technology, was invited to participate in the conference and shared the innovative application of AI technology on the mobile terminal side. The guests discussed the future development trend and solution of the personal terminal Internet of Things. Program. ¡ø Senior Vice President of Vision Technology Mr. Wu Wenzhao, compared with artificial intelligence running in the cloud, runs artificial intelligence algorithms on the terminal side with instant response, improved reliability, enhanced privacy protection, and efficient use of network bandwidth. The application of AI on the terminal side is moving towards convergence and becoming the "engine" that drives the next-generation technological revolution. With the development of technology, as well as the development of explosion-proof applications such as face unlocking, face payment, and portrait beautification, more and more deep AI technology applications have begun to emerge on mobile phones, tablets and other mobile terminals, but the end users are behind the application. Algorithms and chips are also more demanding, not only faster but also to ensure security. Therefore, terminal-side AI products need to achieve innovative breakthroughs at the algorithm level as well as powerful computing power to simultaneously adapt to the growing computing needs. At the summit, Qualcomm announced the launch of the Snapdragon 675 mobile platform with the third-generation Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine, designed to deliver a superior gaming experience, advanced AI capabilities and leading-edge shooting performance. Using heterogeneous computing, the Opteron 675 works with Hexagon DSPs, Adreno GPUs, and Kryo CPUs to achieve up to 50% overall performance improvement for end-side AI applications. Accelerating the implementation of terminal-side AI has always been the direction of Qualcomm's continued advancement. The powerful computing power and flexible architecture supported by the Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine are helping OEMs and developers achieve compelling AI applications. In his keynote address on October 24th, Qualcomm Vice President of Product Management, Mr. Kedar Kondap, said that we are working closely with the best artificial intelligence companies such as Vision Technology Face++ on the latest Snapdragon 675 mobile platform to bring even better results. AI application experience, such as faster face recognition speed, higher precision, and lower power consumption. ¡ø Mr. Kedar Kondap, Vice President of Product Management at Qualcomm In the first half of 2018, Qualcomm cooperated with Vision Technology Face++ and has deep cooperation in the field of artificial intelligence on the terminal side. With the support of Qualcomm's mobile platform, Vision has achieved acceleration and user experience optimization for AI applications for many first-line smartphone vendors. Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology, said: "With heterogeneous computing, the powerful CPU, GPU and DSP processing units of Qualcomm's mobile platform provide perfect support for contempt for the application and algorithm layers on the terminal side. Under the cooperation, the series of mobile terminal products such as millisecond face unlocking, studio-level portrait light effect processing and super-picture background blurring have been achieved, which brings the experience revolution to consumers. We look forward to The launch of the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 mobile platform will provide stronger cooperation for further cooperation between the two parties.¡± As the leading AI solution provider in the mobile phone industry, the deep cooperation between Vision Technology and Qualcomm also promotes contempt and mobile terminal. The combination of downstream industry ecology is becoming more and more close. At the beginning of the 2018 World Mobile Congress (MWC2018), Vision Technology, based on the Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine, based on the self-developed mobile-side convolutional neural network - ShuffleNet, realized a series of mobile smart applications, such as portraits. Background blur, face unlocking, 3D Animoji, etc., and a joint display of some functions with Qualcomm during MWC 2018. In July 2018, OPPO Find X, which adopted the æç 845 platform, was launched at the Louvre in Paris, France. The first Android mobile phone manufacturer to implement 3D structured light mass production, which is equipped with the sturdy technology Face recognition solution, users can unlock and pay by brushing their faces. At present, contempt is adapting self-developed, mature and increasingly rich industry solutions and products to more Qualcomm Snapdragon platforms, while using Qualcomm artificial intelligence to bring better user experience and performance power consumption. The engine AI Engine supports the creation of more terminal-side AI applications, such as face unlocking, face payment, AI shaping, AI beauty, smart lighting, background blur and other scene applications. In the long-term cooperation in the future, the two parties will continue to cooperate to jointly promote the innovative development of terminal-side artificial intelligence algorithms and hardware performance, and further improve the performance and energy efficiency of artificial intelligence algorithms and chips on the mobile side. On the one hand, contempt will be based on the core algorithm of self-development, developing a deep algorithm model for Qualcomm to make it more suitable for the Snapdragon mobile platform; on the other hand, Qualcomm will also provide conditions for contempt in algorithm development and environmental testing, making contempt The algorithm capability can be continuously adapted to Qualcomm's platform to shorten the time-to-market of mobile AI applications, such as the most popular 3D structured light, ToF module and other applications, to provide customers with high performance, low power consumption and high quality. User experience products and software and hardware integration solutions. With the advent of the Internet of Things era, the AI ??is facing new development opportunities, and the integration with the Internet of Things will be closer. More and more IoT devices access the network, digitizing the physical world through embedded modules, computing units, sensing units, and so on. Desperately, by using AI technology to empower mobile phones represented by mobile phones, mobile phones become smarter and more understandable to users. Defiance and Qualcomm's cooperation in terminal-side AI will further promote the AI ??application in the global mobile phone industry and IoT field, and will enable the artificial intelligence industry to make great progress with the growth of mobile terminals.ECCV 2018 | 10 papers + 5 world first, ecstasy technology ECCV tour Local time September 14th, European computer vision top academic conference ECCV 2018 ended successfully in Munich, Germany. It is reported that ECCV 2018 is unprecedented in scale, with nearly 3,200 participants, 776 papers, and 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. For a long time, CVPR, ECCV and ICCV have played a pivotal role in the three major academic conferences of computer vision, helping representatives of industry, academia and research to demonstrate their technological strength and enhance academic exchanges. As a representative of the global artificial intelligence unicorn, Vision Technology is an active participant in the three ¡°C-bit¡± conferences of computer vision. ICCV 2017 defiance technology broke the monopoly of Google and Microsoft and became the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship; CVPR 2018 Defiance of technology and comprehensive attack, papers, demos, challenges, cocktails, a lot, set off a wave of production, study and research exchanges. This time, ECCV 2018, Vision Technology also maintained a high level of participation and gained a lot: ECCV 2018 included 10 essays covering multiple CV sub-fields; won 2018 COCO+Mapillary Challenge IV Ranked first in the world, becoming the company with the most ECCV wins; based on deep face recognition technology, contempt for the 2018 WIDER Face Challenge world champion. The following is a snapshot of the moments of the ecstasy of ECCV. 10 receiving papers fully demonstrate the technical hard power According to ECCV 2018 official website information, there are 10 papers received by Desire Technology. From the content point of view, the paper covers many aspects of CV technology, from a small presentation to a new model design, to neural network design principles and new tasks, new methods, and even weakly supervised learning. Exploration, not just one. Specifically, Vision Technology has achieved new breakthroughs in the following technical areas: network architecture design (1), general object detection (2), semantic segmentation (3), scene understanding (1), text recognition and detection ( 2), face recognition (1). In the field of neural network architecture design, ShuffleNet V2: Practical Guidelines for Efficient CNN Architecture Design not only teaches fish, but also teaches it to fish. The second generation convolutional neural network ShuffleNet V2 is proposed for mobile-derived deep learning, achieving the highest speed and accuracy. Excellent trade-offs, while giving four practical design guidelines for neural network architecture. This will undoubtedly accelerate the full landing of computer vision technology driven by deep learning on the mobile side. In addition, the paper also suggests that network architecture design should consider direct indicators, such as speed, rather than indirect indicators, such as FLOPs. In terms of general object detection, Vision Technology has designed 1) new backbone network DetNet and 2) new target architecture IoU-Net promotes the development of this field. DetNet: The design of A Backbone network for Object Detection is inspired by the gap between image classification and object detection tasks. In detail, DetNet uses more stages like FPN for objects of different sizes and sizes; even so, it still outperforms the ImageNet pre-training model in retaining larger feature map resolutions. However, this increases the computational and memory costs of the neural network. In order to ensure efficiency, the contempt researchers introduced the low-complexity Dilated Bottleneck, which has a higher resolution and a larger receptive field. Not only is DetNet optimized for classification tasks, it is also friendly to positioning, and it shows excellent results in object detection and instance segmentation tasks on COCO. Acquisition of Localization Confidence for Accurate Object Detection (IoU-Net) realizes the underlying original breakthrough of target detection technology as the cornerstone of computer vision. Specifically, by learning to predict the IoU of the real target and the "location reliability" of the IoU-Net detectable bounding box, an IoU-guided NMS process is implemented to prevent the more accurate boundary frame from being suppressed. IoU-Net is intuitive and easy to integrate into a variety of different inspection models to dramatically improve positioning accuracy. The results of MS COCO experiments show the effectiveness and practical application potential of this method. Researchers also hope that these new perspectives will inspire future target detection efforts. The papers in the field of sci-fi semantic segmentation have the highest proportion: 1) bi-directional network BiSeNet for real-time semantic segmentation; 2) new method for optimizing semantic segmentation feature fusion problem; and 3) realization by instance-level saliency detection and graph partitioning A new method of weakly supervising semantic segmentation. BiSeNet: Bilateral Segmentation Network for Real-time Semantic Segmentation is based on three mainstream real-time semantic segmentation model acceleration methods, and with the help of feature fusion module and attention optimization module, the performance of real-time semantic segmentation is advanced to a new height. . ExFuse: Enhancing Feature Fusion for Semantic Segmentation proposes that the mainstream method of semantic segmentation directly integrates the inferiority of high and low features, innovatively introduces semantic information in low-level features, and embeds spatial information in advanced features to optimize the problem of feature fusion. Associating Inter-Image Salient Instances for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation proposes a new weak supervised learning method by integrating the saliency detection and graph partitioning algorithm to accelerate the development of semantic segmentation. The biggest highlight is to utilize the intrinsic properties of each saliency instance. It also explores the interrelationships of different saliency instances across the entire data set. Defiance Technology uses the unified perceptual analysis network UPerNet to optimize the scene understanding problem. Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding proposes a new task called Unified Perceptual Analytic UPP that requires the machine vision system to identify as many visual concepts as possible from an image. It also proposes a multitasking framework, UPerNet, to develop training strategies to learn hybrid annotations. UPP benchmark results show that UPerNet can effectively segment a large number of image concepts. In terms of text recognition and detection, contempt for technology contributes to 1) new end-to-end trainable network Mask TextSpotter and 2) flexible representation of text in arbitrary shapes. TextSnake two technical points. Mask TextSpotter: An End-to-End Trainable Neural Network for Spotting Text with Arbitrary Shapes is inspired by Mask R-CNN to detect text by splitting text areas, and can handle text of any shape. In addition, Mask TextSpotter can be compared to other methods. Accurate text detection and recognition with semantic segmentation. TextSnake: A Flexible Representation for Detecting Text of Arbitrary Shapes can fit any shape of text, changing the shape to adapt to the external environment like a snake; based on this representation, there is an effective method for detecting scene text, including several different Formal (horizontal, multi-directional, curved) text data sets are currently optimal. GridFace is a new breakthrough in the field of scorn technology face recognition. GridFace: Face Rectification via Learning Local Homography Transformations can reduce face deformation by learning local homography transformation, correcting and re-identifying first, and the excellent correction technology greatly improves the performance of face recognition. The relevant experimental results have proved the effectiveness and efficiency of the method. 2018 COCO+Mapillary wins the top four winners ECCV 2018 The most eye-catching COCO+Mapillary joint challenge, the Chinese team won all the championships. Defiance of science and technology in 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition, won 3 COCO firsts and 1 first Mapillary first, winning all four battles, taking the challenge of the "big river", in the case of segmentation, panoramic segmentation Iterative new exploration has been carried out on the detection of key points in the human body. Instance segmentation instance segmentation is one of the most advanced techniques for visual object recognition, and one of the core tasks of computer vision. The key to defiance of technology wins is to work on the core component of the model, and propose a new method called Location Sensitive Header (LSH). The traditional Mask R-CNN method uses RoI Align to improve the accuracy of instance segmentation, but it does not take care of the component head after RoI Align. The contempt researchers unearthed a head that was friendly to the instance and sensitive to positioning accuracy. In summary, LSH redesigned the combination of tasks, combining classification and segmentation, which not only optimizes the segmentation and positioning capabilities of the development instance, but also effectively avoids conflicts between positioning and classification. In the end, Desperate Technology tied for first place with a score of mmAP 0.486. Panoramic segmentation and panoramic segmentation is a new task in this challenge, representing one of the forefront of current computer vision recognition technology. From the task level, panoramic segmentation goes one step further than instance segmentation. For this contest, after exploring the end-to-end framework, the researcher chose a two-fold scheme: integrating the output of the semantic segmentation and instance segmentation algorithms. This approach needs to overcome two problems: 1) the special nature of Stuff; 2) the occlusion of Thing. First, the contempt researchers experimented with the stronger Encoder Network for the Stuff design, and designed the Object?Context?Network for the Stuff Context to ensure Stuff's performance. Second, due to the abandonment of the end-to-end framework, it will appear at the time of image fusion. The occlusion problem, the contempt of the researcher, gives a special Spatial Hierarchical Relation method that ranks the level of image understanding based on the overlapping area of ??different objects. Defiance of technology and triumph, and finally won the PQ of 0.538 and 0.412 in the two tasks of COCO+Mapillary? Human key detection The detection of human key points requires detection of the human body under unrestricted conditions such as multi-angle, multi-target, multi-size, etc., while accurately positioning the key points of the human body. It has been retained since the second COCO Challenge in 2016. Three iterations. COCO 2017, contempt technology has won the first, this time to pursue the pursuit of victory, behind the support is still "squat" breakthrough technology. Because the current mainstream human pose estimation network has encountered bottlenecks: increasing the backbone network Backbone's effect on accuracy improvement is approaching saturation, defiance researchers have designed the new Cascade Backbone Network (CBN), which can use multi-level cross-phase connectivity and From coarse to fine monitoring strategies, significant precision improvements are achieved. CBN adopts small network, multi-stage, multi-layer intermediate supervision, cross-stage connection to achieve the fine-grained improvement of the test results, and finally obtains the accuracy of mmAP 0.764 in the COCO 2018 human key point challenge data set, and successfully defends. 2018 WIDER Challenge Face Recognition Challenge Wins First ECCV2018 WIDER Face and Pedestrian Challenge is a global computer vision top event and new benchmark competition, attracting more than 400 teams to participate in the face of technology Detecting the match WIDER FaceChallenge, and finally won the championship with the results of mmAP0.5582. In this competition, Vision Technology proposed a new cascade detector based on RetinaNet, which not only absorbed the insight of Cascade R-CNN to continuously increase the threshold refinement detection frame, but also ensured that the inference is still a single-stage detector, which complements each other. Performance and speed. In this original method, the mmAP exceeded the second place by 1.4 points in the single model single scale, and the final mmAP exceeded the second place by 2.5 points, winning the first place with a larger lead. The above is some of the glimpses of the trip to ECCV 2018. As a global computer vision unicorn to participate in the computer vision summit, it is a verification and embarrassment of its own strength, but also a good opportunity to exchange and learn. Defiance technology begins with computer vision, deep cultivating computer vision, the explosion of artificial intelligence and the deepening of deep learning are also in computer vision, starting from the eyes of machines, just as 540 million years ago, a major outbreak of Cambrian biology The incentive is the appearance of the eyes. The eye of the machine that can be seen is the common goal of computer vision technology and application, but technology is the first step. ECCV 2018, Vision Technology has handed in a satisfactory answer, stepping out, striving, and stabilizing the first step of AI technology. Then, the next step is to cast AI+IoT on the global scale with extraordinary technology. Flying around.How does the security monitoring system under artificial intelligence play a role in defending? With the development of computer visual technology, everything that happens around the world seems to be clear through the calculation of computer data and the camera at the front end. Security monitoring plays a very important role in this process. It is a solid backing for defending the city's defense of homes and safeguarding people's lives and property. At present, security monitoring has been applied to various security scenarios such as urban governance, security stabilization, activity security, etc., especially in the field of technical investigation, which has played an important role and plays an indispensable role. The front-end smart camera and video analysis technology are integrated into an important part of security surveillance. In the process of specific operation, the security monitoring system can control the security around the city through the camera at the front end, and then feedback the timely information report through the system to grasp the potential hidden dangers that may occur in advance. Through a more sophisticated security monitoring system, the city's guards can timely grasp the basic security and prevention information of the city and public places, and timely discover hidden dangers, and make more appropriate treatment and prevention of hidden dangers. In the current development of technology leapfrogging in the 21st century, security monitoring has also been given greater possibilities. With the continuous leap of related technologies of artificial intelligence, security monitoring has also been given a more powerful display, with various forms and suitable for various occasions. For example, in the community scene, the intelligent security monitoring system can realize the warning of strangers and realize the first-time alarm for illegally invading criminals. This has a relatively high value for ensuring family safety, and it is also a security monitoring application. An important direction. Aiming at the school violence that everyone is very concerned about now, this security system can also be better solved. It is reported that the security monitoring intelligent front end with gesture recognition technology can easily identify different behavior patterns of people including but not limited to walking, running, raising hands, carrying weight and so on. Therefore, the background system for monitoring security monitoring can predict the possible violent behavior around the campus and timely control and stop it, which can further improve the security around the campus and protect the safety of school students. In addition to homes and schools, the security monitoring system under the support of artificial intelligence technology can also grasp the security of the entire city. The pursuit of criminal suspects and the monitoring and tracking of illegal elements can pass this strict system. Carry out control and bring better assistance to the public security department in combating illegal actions. It can be seen that a rigorous high-end security monitoring system is indeed necessary because it relates to the safety of families, schools and individual users throughout the city. Even with the development of artificial intelligence, security monitoring will become an indispensable intelligent system for each country's security.ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology Takes COCO+Mapillary Four Worlds First 2018 COCO+Mapillary Joint Challenge Awards Venue Local Time September 8th, biennial, one-week European Computer Vision Top Academic Conference ECCV 2018 in Munich, Germany Opening the curtain. According to official information, ECCV 2018 has 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials; 2439 submissions, including 776 papers (31.8%); nearly 3,200 registered participants, unprecedented in scale, exceeding ECCV 2016 (Amsterdam) 2 Times. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. On September 9th, the most eye-catching Joint COCO and Mapilary Recognition Challenge Workshop in 43 Workshops was held as scheduled at the Technische University Munich, and each event was announced. Achievements, seminars and exchanges. It is worth mentioning that the winning team of this joint challenge is all from China. In this joint challenge, COCO 4 matches, Mapillary 2 matches, a total of 6 events. Defying the 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition in the science and technology competition, a total of 4 competitions, respectively won 3 COCO first (including 1 tied for first) and 1 Mapillary first, winning in all four games. The ¡°big part of the country¡± of this challenge has been taken, and it has become the biggest winner. Since ICCV COCO+Places 2017 won three firsts, breaking Google and Microsoft's ¡°hegemony¡± and becoming the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship, this ECCV COCO+Mapillary 2018 defied the four battles of science and technology and won four The crown, the whole battle is a breakthrough, and the self-reinventing high, highlighting the absolute strength in the field of object recognition and detection. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Official results: Megvii won four crowns, COCO detection (coupling first), COCO keypoints, COCO panoptic and Mapillary panoptic. The COCO 2018 Joint Challenge is intended to study object recognition under the premise of scene understanding. This COCO Challenge item has 1) Instance Segmentation, 2) Panotic ? Segmentation, and 3) Keypoints. Keypoint detection) and 4) DensePose (human body intensive pose estimation); Mapillary Challenge items have 1) Instance Segmentation and 2) Panoptic ?Segmentation. Although COCO and Mapillary focus on the general problem of visual recognition, each specific task has a new exploration of the different dimensions of the problem under the blessing of the corresponding data set. COCO(& Mapillary) is one of the most authoritative and benchmarking datasets in the field of object recognition, and is one of the most influential competition platforms after ImageNet. COCO is an abbreviation of English Commen Objects in Context, and has the same name paper. The COCO data set is designed for full scene understanding and is intended to facilitate the development of object detection research. Mapillary Vistas is a newly launched Street View image dataset that focuses on high-level semantic understanding of images and promotes technology in areas such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. There are many differences between the dataset and the application task, while the latter complements the former. Generally speaking, COCO is the object recognition in the natural scene, and Mapillary focuses on the street scene recognition. Therefore, the form of the joint challenge is beneficial to the computer vision technology to be closer to the real scene and more applicable. Since the first Challenge of 2015, the number of COCO events has been continuously updated and the evaluation criteria have become more complicated; COCO 2018 has changed from previous years. In terms of detection, the example segmentation has become very popular in COCO in recent years. This year, both COCO and Mapillary have this item; as the detection technology is saturated, COCO removes the bounding box detection, but the results still appear on the list. on. Another change is the addition of DensePose? and Panoptic Segmentation. Panoptic Segmentation solves the classification problem of foreground objects and background objects on an image at the same time, and integrates the splitting semantic segmentation and instance segmentation into one, pushing the segmentation technology into a new realm and constantly approaching the real application. Both COCO and Mapillary also have this entry. This challenge, with the addition of COCO and Mapillary's two heavyweight data sets, provides a valuable opportunity to redefine and upgrade machine vision algorithms. Inspiring new insights is arguably the biggest value of COCO & Mapillary 2018. The results of the three championships have not only confirmed to the world the extraordinary strength of ignoring the original technology of computer vision, but also the scientific and innovative nature of the company's own ¡°big environment¡±. Technology is the premise of everything, and the champion is the technology again and again. With extraordinary technology, we continue to create maximum value for our customers and society. Defiance of technology is turning slogans into reality. As Dr. Yu Gang, the head of the Depression Research Group, said: ¡°The COCO competition last year made me see more of our solid details and the advantages of the company platform. But this year, the team¡¯s optimistic beliefs and victory. The persistence touched me deeply. Every time when our hopeful ideas produce results, they often end in disappointment. But we have never been frustrated by setbacks, we can stand up quickly every time, reflect on problems, continue An idea, this is exactly the ¡°Danfa¡± where we won the four crowns this time. There is no shortcut to doing Research, only continuous innovation and persistence.¡± Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute, also said "The COCO competition is a bit like Huashan's sword. How do you compare with the past year? In fact, apart from the results, I value the participation in the team's tempering, including strength and perseverance. The real Huashan sword is technology. The competition of products in the market, contempt for technology will always be the first."Smart buildings are on the verge of urban security surveillance coverage In the era of technological and industrial changes, the rapid development of artificial intelligence to help the industry knock on the door of the future also encourages people to pursue a more convenient and comfortable home and office environment. Therefore, the intelligent transformation of buildings and real estate has been put on the agenda, and intelligent buildings blessed by artificial intelligence technology have become the model for intelligent transformation of various places. As more and more scientific and technological achievements have landed in the traditional real estate industry, in addition to intelligent buildings, concepts such as smart parks, smart offices, etc. have also been produced, and are actually put into actual life scenes. At the moment of the explosion of artificial intelligence technology, the various smart products and services developed through computer deep learning technology must ultimately benefit the people and must be applied to the actual life and work scenes. Can be called a real artificial intelligence product. And these products and services must go through the market, through the user, through the final program to test its feasibility, the birth of intelligent buildings, has also experienced such a process. So why can smart buildings give people a sense of security? The reason is very simple, that is, the intelligent access management system with the face recognition technology as the core has opened up the online and offline data islands, and realized the intelligent control of buildings in a simplified way. At the front end, personnel access, visitor management and stranger warnings are directly implemented by installing the face recognition access control machine, and the data collected by the front end is returned to the background; at the back end, the data manager for the front end can perform personnel regulation and VIP entry. Such fine control, open data closed loop, and integrated access control management, visitor management, welcome management and other modules of intelligent traffic management system, can also be customized according to the user's own needs for secondary development. With this system, smart buildings seem to have a natural barrier that shuts out some security risks outside the building. Of course, the intelligent building solution can be applied not only to the living scenes of residents, but also to office buildings, such as employee attendance, personnel access, and VIP welcome. In this solution, through the cloud data of the terminal, relying on computer vision technology, it is possible to lay a skynet in the entire office building and office scene, and timely feedback data information, whether it is personnel management or project management for the office field, in intelligence Find the optimal solution in the building plan. In the urban security field, many artificial intelligence monitoring systems, including intelligent building applications, are gradually being put into more scenarios to further protect the safety of customers and society and give them a greater sense of security. With the increasing popularity of intelligent buildings, such a security monitoring system for specific places, I believe that the future will also enter the homes of ordinary people.CVPR 2018 | Beyond DeepMind! Devotion Technology Wins CVPR Challenge AVA&WAD Double Champion As the world's 50 most intelligent companies and original technology in the field of computer vision, Defiance Technology is always at a high level in the artificial intelligence technology challenge that participates in the world. Since winning the three world champions of face recognition in 2013, contempt has accumulated 17 AI skills evaluation champions and first place in the Challenge, and continues to write brilliantly today. During CVPR 2018, multiple challenge results were announced. Among them, Vision Technology participated in the AVA and WAD Challenges, defeated giant companies such as Google DeepMind and Nvidia, and won the "Time and Space Behavior Positioning" and "Instance Video Segmentation" champions. The AVA & WAD Challenges are designed for video semantics and autopilot issues. The Challenge not only gives Vision Technology an opportunity to showcase "technical muscles" on the international stage such as CVPR 2018, but also highlights the strong talents of the Institute. The reserve and excellent technical reserves have also laid the foundation for defying the subsequent product innovation and technology landing. Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology, wrote in his circle of friends: "The team won two task championships for the large-scale motion recognition ActivityNet Challenge and the ApolloScape (currently the largest public data) autopilot challenge. I don't know if you are participating in the competition." This not only reflects the team's super strength and amazing self-drive, but also the "fearless spirit of the ignorant" advocated by the institute. The following is a technical interpretation of the AVA & WAD Challenge by Dr. Yu Gang and others from the Institute of Science and Technology, and its impact on the product system. The AVA Challenge ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge (ActivityNet Challenge) is a large-scale challenge in the field of computer vision. It has been successfully held for three times since 2016. The ActivityNet Challenge focuses on identifying everyday and goal-oriented high-level behaviors in Internet video portals, which have been published at CVPR and presented in Workshop. ActivityNet Challenge 2018 The award-winning ActivityNet Challenge 2018 consists of six independent tasks (Tasks) designed to further extend the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Task B-temporal Action Localization attempts to evaluate algorithms based on AVA data sets. The ability to locate temporal and spatial information of human behavior, in which each labeled video clip is continuous and more than 15 minutes, contains multiple subjects, each subject has multiple behaviors; Task B is divided into #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full ) Two sub-challenches. In general, the difficulty of this task is to refine the action to the atomic level. It is necessary to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what action has occurred, and what interaction has occurred with other objects/people. From the results, Desperate Technology won the first place in the AVA Challenge with 0.21075 and 0.2099 in the challenge, and Google DeepMind ranked #1 (Vision Only).¿õ ÑÐ¾¿ ÑÐ¾¿ Ðì Ðì Ðì Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸ÕAction classification based on detection location. The winning trick is to use the latest detection technology in the pedestrian detection sub-network, such as Light Head R-CNN; in the action classification sub-network, it combines the latest 3D convolution features, such as I3D, and traditional Two-stream network features to optimize motion classification capabilities. The AVA Challenge won the championship to a certain extent, indicating that the Institute has a strong technical reserve and an excellent talent team. The reason is that the Vision Institute has always attached importance to cultivating and improving interns and researchers through the Challenge. The ability to solve problems autonomously. Through the challenge test and screening technology matrix, strengthening the excellent technical inventory, the formation of a virtuous circle within the contempt research institute, which is one of the important factors that can be regarded as the world's top 50 smart companies and original technology. Take the step from talent to technology, the next step is from technology to product. From the perspective of the company's products, the positioning ability of behavioral spatio-temporal information has a great significance in video semantic analysis. This technology will promote the iteration and update of the contempt technology product system from the underlying factors, better connect the scene and improve The user experience provides real business value; in the future, this technology will play a powerful role in smart cities, smart retail and smart security, and realize the vision of defying technology to empower hundreds of millions of cameras. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is an autopilot recognition challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop, which includes driving area segmentation, road object detection, semantic segmentation adaptation and instance video segmentation. The computer vision algorithm's perception of the external environment; Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires the entrant to achieve instance-level segmentation of moving objects (such as cars and pedestrians) within one frame. The significance of participating in this mission is that the Challenge provides a truly unique opportunity for researchers to solve the most valuable and interesting issues in the field of autonomous driving. Based on ApolloScape, a large-scale dataset labeled by Baidu, the challenge has now opened a pixel-level semantic annotation image of 147,000 frames. It is also worth mentioning that its size is 10+ times that of the current open source dataset of the same type. The fineness has exceeded the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest release of the BDD100K dataset. In the WAD Challenge, Vision Technology won the first place with a score of 0.33986, surpassing the third chip giant NVIDIA by nearly 7 points. ?? WAD Challenge Champion Certificate and Signature?? Despise Researcher Li Zeming's technical explanation on the workshop. Yu Gang believes that from a technical perspective, the algorithm of the challenge mainly comes from the accumulation of current detection, according to which to optimize the scene. Small object. In the challenge, the team re-sets the anchor of the detection algorithm, which can improve the coverage of small objects, and also update some training strategies, such as higher memory utilization and data enhancement, and enhance small objects. Recall rate. Overall, the team's participation in the autopilot-related challenge reached two main goals: one was to test the versatility of the algorithm in different application scenarios, and to effectively verify the ability to despise its own algorithm; on the other hand, Tested its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double-material championship also confirmed the technical accumulation of the contempt research institute and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. From talent to technology to product landing, this logic applies to the WAD Challenge. The example segmentation technology represented by the challenge is an indispensable core component for the development of autonomous driving. Although Vision Technology is not currently involved in the field of autonomous driving, it has already possessed the internationally leading core technical capabilities to broaden the strategic map and The perfect product system has laid a solid foundation.CVPR 2018 | 8 papers, 10+Demo, double-challenge champion, contempt for technology, CVPR, industry, university, research and communication exchange, 8 papers, CVPR, many technical presentations, research strength, CVPR, is the most concerned in the field of artificial intelligence computer vision The academic conference, the delivery and inclusion of the paper is naturally a "hard indicator" to show the academic strength of the enterprise. It is understood that this year's CVPR 2018 a total of 979 papers were included in the main conference, the recruitment rate is about 29%. Among the many papers from the industry, Vision Technology, which was established in 2011, has one spotlight paper and seven poster papers on the CVPR this year. Including ShuffleNet mobile low-power device model, semantic segmentation discriminant feature network DFN, RepLoss optimized for dense occlusion problems, new algorithms for detecting scene text by corner location and region segmentation, and DocUNet that can recover warped document images The technology shows the participating scholars their strength in academic research. For example, the discriminant feature network DFN effectively solves two basic problems of semantic segmentation¡ªintra-class inconsistency and no difference between classes. The new loss function RepLoss effectively handles the problem of dense occlusion in pedestrian detection. DFN as a photo of Yu Changyi and poster RepLoss as a photo of Wang Xinlong and poster In addition, there are two challenging champion papers - Human Pose Estimation (CPN) and COCO 2017 Object Detection Related Algorithm (MegDet) Interpretation, also included in CVPR 2018 . Cascading Pyramid Network CPN to solve multi-person pose estimation problems, this technological breakthrough will promote the development of human body pose estimation related applications, such as game animation, security (abnormal behavior detection, etc.) and sports (referee assistance, etc.). From the mini-batch perspective, MegDet provides a new detection method for accelerated deep neural network training. It optimizes object detection technology from two core dimensions of accuracy and speed, and can be directly applied in security, new retail and unmanned driving. The author of MegDet and the poster took a photo with "The Night of Salt Lake City AI". The CV Young Scholars Exchange held the "Salt Lake City AI Night" on the night before the main meeting, and organized a joint exhibition with Altizure and Dingjing Technology. Field Computer Vision Young Scholars Exchange. Defying the chief scientist of Science and Technology, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, Sun Jian, Dean of the Science and Technology Research Institute of Seattle, Wang Wei, Professor of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Professor of Shanghai University of Science and Technology, and Founder of Die Technology, Yan Jingyi attended the meeting. Attracted more than 250 participants. Dr. Sun Jian made an opening speech at the AI ??Night of Salt Lake City. Dr. Sun Jian first represented the teachers and students who despised the technology and gave a brief introduction to the current development status of Defiance Technology and the purpose of holding a youth scholar exchange meeting. How to do both basic research and product technology? Dr. Sun Jian quoted the teachings of the university's automatic control teacher: both as a god and as a ghost. It is necessary to be down-to-earth and look up at the stars. The basic research and construction of a company will not be achieved overnight. It will also provide solid technical strength for the product's landing. Dr. Wang Wei, Professor Quan Long and Professor Jing Jingyi also took the stage to deliver a speech. The site not only has the most delicious snacks of this year's CVPR, but also a variety of wines for participants to enjoy, and more importantly, the site also has an exciting lottery. The little brother of the Phantom3SE drone set that won the first prize has already been happy. In the view of Dr. Sun Jian, the paper is not the inevitable result of research in industry. Taking ShuffleNet, which has been familiar to everyone and widely used in the industry in July last year, for example, for enterprises, whether or not there is demand for paper output, how to design a more lightweight model structure has always been the application of mobile applications. important question. As a result, the contempt technology team has improved the memory access efficiency and computation speed by reducing the computational complexity in an efficient convolutional layer design. After completing this paper last year and delivering CVPR 2018, the team did not stop there. The V2 version was disclosed as early as VALSE 2018. (Hyperlinks) However, industry research and academic research actually have something in common. In Dr. Sun Jian¡¯s understanding, some patterns are followed: starting with precision to explore cognitive boundaries, and then further considering speed and efficiency. The factors ultimately lead to a balance point that exceeds the product's utility red line. This Vision Technology held "Salt Lake City AI Night", aiming to attract more like-minded people who are interested in computer vision and AI, and provide more communication channels in recruiting talents. Video Semantics & Automated Driving, Defiant Winning Double Champion At this year's CVPR 2018, Defiance Technology also won single-double champions in two challenges ? AVA and WAD. Desperate Technology has won 15 AI skills evaluation championships. As early as December 2013, it became the first company in the world to win three world champions of face recognition, and became the first to win in October 2017. COCO, the domestic company of the three global winners of the Places Global Image Recognition Competition. This year, the ActivityNet Challenge (ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge) has been held at the CVPR workshop to further expand the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Among them, Task B - Spatio-temporal Action Localization attempts to evaluate the algorithm's ability to locate the temporal and spatial information of human behavior according to the AVA data set. Each labeled video clip is continuous for more than 15 minutes and contains multiple subjects. Each subject has multiple behaviors; in the #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full) challenges, Vision Technology won the first place. Dr. Yu Gang, the leader of Research Leader and Detection Group, said that this task refines the action to the atomic level. It needs to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what actions have occurred, and it happens with other objects/others. What interactions. The ability to locate temporal and spatial information has a great significance in video analysis. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is also an Autopilot Recognition Challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop. Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires participants to move to within one frame. Segmentation of instances at the object (such as cars and pedestrians). This event is based on Baidu's well-marked large-scale dataset ApolloScape, which has opened 147,000 frames of pixel-level semantic annotation images, including hundreds of thousands of frames of pixel-by-pixel semantic segmentation, such as perceptual classification and road network data. High-resolution image data, along with its corresponding pixel-by-pixel semantic annotation, will further cover more complex environments, weather and traffic conditions, adding more sensors to expand the diversity of data. According to Baidu Apollo, ApolloScape has more than the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest BDD100K dataset. Dr. Yu Gang and Dr. Li Zeming, a Ph.D. student at Tsinghua University who is internship in technology, said that although the company is not involved in the field of autonomous driving, the team has two main purposes in participating in the autonomous driving-related challenge. One is to verify the ability of its own algorithm, to test the algorithm versatility in different application scenarios; on the other hand, to test its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double material also confirmed the technical accumulation of Vision Technology and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. Fun and fun 10+ real-time Demo, highlighting the power of CV Naturally, at an academic summit gathering more than 6,500 computer vision talents, how to better present their technology on the spot has become a proposition for every enterprise. As a diamond sponsor, Defiance Technology also exhibited more than 10 demos in one breath. As Dr. Sun Jian said: "The most fun thing about computer vision is that you can do a lot of good-looking, fun, and easy-to-use black technology." Rex VSLAM's warehousing technology is the only demo video. "Street Fighter is playing". In addition to the video and presentation methods for the venue and network delay, defying all other demos on CVPR 2018. They are real-time demonstrations to better interact with the participants in the field, and in the process of experience, everyone can fully feel the strength and confidence of defying the technology. Dr. Sun Jian introduced, "The real power of computer vision lies in the real-time system of offline scenes. Defying some of the demos brought in this time are all projects that are more fun and practical in the group. Like the street fighter king this demo It was also tested by colleagues two weeks ago. The user can control the action of the characters in the Street Fighter game in real time by means of physical movements. It is actually based on Human Detection and Multi-Person Pose. Various technologies such as Estimation and Real-time Action Recognition will have many practical applications in the future in the fields of retail and security.¡± The video of the Ares warehousing robot demonstrates contempt SLAM robot technology and application scenarios, in the construction of maps, positioning, navigation, obstacle avoidance and other functions, can create indoor high-precision maps, with robust and accurate real-time positioning and real-time flexible pedestrian obstacle avoidance, in logistics, industrial manufacturing The new retail sector has broad application prospects. Ares warehousing robot demo dense scene crowd detection data set CrowdHuman opened source in May this year, providing valuable research work for detection problems in dense scenes. According to Dr. Yu Gang, testing under dense scenes is a very challenging and practical task, and the CrowdHuman dataset is born for this purpose. This benchmark is mainly used for pedestrian detection. On the one hand, data annotation covers the position of the head, the visible and complete frames of the human body, and the binding between the human frame and the head frame; on the other hand, the data set has a certain Generalization capabilities, including Caltech, CityPerson, and COCO. The Demo algorithm presented on CVPR is based on the Feature Pyramid Network FPN, trained on the CrowdHuman dataset, using Repulsion Loss and some other methods that are not yet publicly available (mainly to address the bottlenecks caused by NMS). It can be seen that in the typical scene of the crowd of the venue, the performance of the system is quite good. In addition to the intensive scene human detection dataset CrowdHuman, the non-standardized commodity smart cashier and CVPR paper authors identified two demos presented this time on CVPR 2018. Defiance of the intelligent auxiliary cashier brought by Nanjing Research Institute solves the problem of cash registering for non-standardized goods that usually require manual settlement. A demo scene, such as a bakery, can greatly improve billing efficiency while ensuring accuracy. In addition, the system can be easily extended to other non-standard cashier applications, and will become an AI tool for assisting non-standardized commodity cashiers. "CVPR Author Identification" is a customized Koala system application case for this conference (Koala is an intelligent welcome robot developed by Vision Technology). By using Google Scholar and Twitter authors to disclose information as a base library, When the face appears within the camera's viewable range, Koala will automatically detect the face in the video and extract the face features. If the subject is one of the meeting authors, the name, H-index, and representative papers published at the conference will be displayed on the pop-up card. At the exhibition site, "Intelligent Assisted Cashier" and "CVPR Author Identification" demo, Lei Feng also saw a lot of mobile demos brought by Vision Technology. The two demos, such as the real-time universal object on the mobile end and the key point detection of the human body, have promoted the speed of industrialization in terms of accuracy and speed, and will play a role in the detection of various scenes in the future. Mobile real-time general-purpose objects and human key detection demos, such as the real-time unlocking technology of dozens of Android phones, can be used to help mobile phones in a variety of technologies such as recognition, live detection, and attention judgment. Efficient natural unlocking in a safe situation. Animoji is a deep learning-based 3D reconstruction application that can analyze human expressions in real time and transfer them to cute cartoon characters, which can be applied to real-time video chat, expression package production and many other functions. In addition, the Animoji demo is also a mobile-side "black technology" represented by mobile phone background blur and mobile phone portrait light technology. It is currently jointly developed by Beijing Research Institute and Seattle Research Institute. Wang Wei, head of the Seattle Research Institute, said that from last year until a long time in the future, the main work of the Seattle Research Institute will focus on the mobile side, especially mobile phones. The artificial intelligence related propositions faced by mobile phones mainly have two aspects, one is security, that is, unlocking, payment and other related functions, involving face recognition, living body detection and other functions; the other is image, that is, beauty, filter and other image processing Requirements, including 3D reconstruction, image segmentation, etc. As the chief scientist of the former American Adobe Research Institute, Dr. Wang Wei joined the Vision Technology in May last year, and contempt began to study more in the field of imaging. As a highly complex computer system, how to fully exploit its computing resources, mobile phones put forward higher requirements for model performance and power consumption. In the process of research and development, Dr. Wang Wei also deeply realized that the flat management of contempt technology is highly efficient in different places, making communication and decision making very fast, which also surprises him who has been plagued by the lengthy process of large companies. No. Paying attention to basic research and pursuing ¡°simple and practical¡± For a company with more than 50% of R&D personnel, defiance of technology pays close attention to the construction and investment of research systems. Since 2017, it has expanded from the field of architecture and academic cooperation to the world. Defiance Technology has set up research branches in Seattle, Nanjing and Chengdu, USA, led by Dr. Sun Jian, and Wang Hao is the head of the Seattle Research Institute. In the research field, each research branch has its own focus and division: such as the Seattle Research Institute The development of the North American market, while independently undertaking the research and development of innovative business; Nanjing Research Institute and Chengdu Research Institute respectively carried out basic R&D and industrial development work around the business lines of financial intelligence (especially smart retail) and smart city (focus on smart warehousing) . In addition, close cooperation with university institutions has also become a major way to deepen academic research. Also starting in 2017, contempt has established a joint laboratory of artificial intelligence with universities such as Xi'an Jiaotong University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Shanghai University of Science and Technology. In 2017, an academic committee was established, and the only winner of the Turing Award was Academician Yao Zhizhi. consultant. Why do startups do basic research, and Dr. Sun Jian¡¯s understanding includes two reasons: first, self-realization, if the researcher finds an innovative breakthrough point, then he has already gotten the biggest at the moment of discovery. Satisfaction; followed by external recognition, publishing a paper at an academic conference, or landing a product into a practical application, will allow more people to see and recognize your ideas, and get another positive feedback. "Defiance is a company that pursues. This pursuit has two meanings. One is that everyone on the team wants to be the best technology. The other is that the company can be down-to-earth in commercialization, and the product can be truly To bring value to users." Dr. Wang Wei believes that from a longer-term perspective, Vision Technology not only hopes to become an important promoter or even a leader in the field of AI. "All the beauty that will be created for artificial intelligence" is also the best interpretation of this belief. "The pursuit of the ultimate, simple and reliable" is the research value that has always been inherited. Whether it is theory or algorithm, Dr. Sun Jian and his team hope to make some simple and practical work, and also to attract talents with the same values. "In the process of innovation, the value brought by self-realization will constantly encourage the whole team to move forward, and the external recognition will attract more groups to join the contempt technology and form a virtuous circle." Dr. Sun Jian said . In this CVPR 2018, with 8 papers, 10+ Demo, double challenge challenge experience sharing, and the CV offline sharing session during the same period, Defiance Technology brought a production to 6,000 CVPR 2018 scholars. The feast of close integration of learning and research, I believe that in the future, contempt will continue to bring more exciting new results to users, attracting more young students to join this pragmatic team.ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology Wins the Wider Challenge Face Detection Champion Wider Face and Pedestrian Challenge 2018 (Wider Challenge) is a global computer vision top event, with Megvii participating in it. Face detection game Wider Face, the final score of 0.5582, won the face detection champion. The contempt for the face detection of technology face detection dates back to 2013 and won three world championships in the face recognition field. Below, this article will be interpreted from four dimensions: competition, technology, team and industry. Wider Face results. About the Wider ChallengeWider Challenge 2018 is one of the top challenges organized by the Computer Vision Summit ECCV 2018. It attracts more than 400 teams from around the world. The competition and results are announced before the ECCV. The award ceremony and related seminars are scheduled during the conference. (September 8). After the FDDB, the Wider Challenge became the benchmark game in the field of computer vision testing, with a high gold content, which can clearly reflect the reality and accumulation of the technical strength of the participants. This year, the competition aims to address three core issues in the field of human detection: precise positioning of the human face, precise positioning of the human body, and precise matching of the identity of the person. To this end, the Wider Challenge 2018 is divided into three tracks (track): WIDER Face, the goal is to dig new ways to refresh the current best level of face detection. WIDER Pedestrian, the goal is to collect effective and efficient new methods to optimize the problem of pedestrian detection under natural scenes. WIDER Person Search, a person search that accurately matches the target from 192 movies. From left to right, an example of three matches. About technology From a technical point of view, this face detection game Wider Face has a new difficulty, for this reason, Defiance Technology has given its own solution, achieving the first place, surpassing the second Microsoft (MSRA) ) 2 points. Difficulties Compared to the past, WIDER Face 2018 has two significant difficulties. The first is the data set, and the second is the evaluation criteria. The Wider Face competition uses the same name dataset. It is the first open source in CVPR 2016. It contains 32,203 images and 393,703 detection frame annotations. It is the largest dataset of face types under different scenes. From small face to dense face and multi-pose face. , cover the face, face, make-up face to the fuzzy face, everything. Different types of faces in the Wider Face dataset. Former face detection benchmark FDDB Wider Face has been promoted to the most scientific and authoritative benchmark dataset in the field of face detection due to the small amount of data and simple exit. At the same time, some optimization annotations or re-labelings have been carried out this year. The best platform for detecting competency. Obviously, the difficulty of the game is also much more. The Wider Face 2018 evaluation standard follows the COCO specification, which is more detailed and stricter. It requires more positioning, not only to be accurate, but also to be very accurate, even ¡°metamorphic¡±. Specifically, instead of using only AP_50, it calculates the average accuracy of the IoU threshold of the detection frame over 10, and performs weighted averaging from AP_50 to AP_95 (with a step size of 5 and a total of 10 APs). This once again increased the difficulty of winning the game. Methods In view of the above two new challenges, Destiny Technology has given original solutions based on the technology precipitation, from the algorithm model, Backbone and data enhancement. As a COCO champion, Defiance Technology has a very strong "home" in object detection, and has formed an excellent "drilling warfare tradition". For the small face and fuzzy face problem of Wider Face face detection, Vision Technology proposed a new method based on single-stage detector, called Cascade Detection Network. In terms of Backbone and data enhancement, contempt has also made new explorations. For example, Backbone avoids heavy weight and does not choose ResNet 101. Instead, it uses a relatively lightweight basic network like DenseNet 121 and ResNet 50, or a combination of multiple light models. Defiance of technology follow-up will be targeted to a paper, want to know more people, please pay attention to attention. As a result, through the above-mentioned original technology, the results of defying the results of the science and technology competition were obvious, not only won the first place, but also the results were significantly higher than the second and third places, respectively, 2 points and 5 points higher. In addition, the scorn technology single model and multi-model results have been submitted, and the results show that even according to the single model, you can also get the champion. It is worth mentioning that the innovation of defying top technology is rooted in the underlying technology and the support of the original deep learning platform. During the game, the deep learning cloud platform Brain++, which devoured technology self-study, effectively guaranteed the stability of model training. The original deep learning engine (before TensorFlow) ensures efficient and rapid training and testing of models to avoid time consumption. . It is because of the protection of the rear that there is victory ahead. About team playing is like fighting, it is a team and needs teamwork. However, in defiance of this competition, only 1.5 intern small miners were employed: one for the main and one for the supplement (plus the guidance of the inspection team leader and researcher). This intern's rushing mode is a valuable opportunity to exercise and nurture newcomers. The first place¡¯s performance also contradicts the scientific nature of this model. 1.5 interns, this is not to say that the factory lacks people, nor does it despise the competition. This just shows that the factory has a complete ¡°drilling and playing mechanism¡±, which not only saves a lot of manpower and time costs, but also incorporates this set. Every party to the mechanism has gained. In essence, this is an efficient experience. The intern gets a lot of input, and then passes the talented brain, and outputs the first place. Therefore, by the fake (competition) comprehension (ability improvement), people and things are two. About industrial face detection is in the middle layer of the whole computer vision technology matrix of contempt, which belongs to one of the core algorithms. After engineering packaging or hardware blessing, it forms an efficient and reproducible model framework, and finally leads to the face-related product line. . Face detection is one of the biggest scenes of machine vision technology. It is one of the four objects of scorn image recognition technology (people, face, car, word), and it is also a link in the AI+IoT strategy. The innovation of technology points reflected in this championship will further optimize the entire technical system of contempt, and it will lead to many industrial fields such as mobile phone, security, real estate and retail, and provide strong technical support for achieving AI+IoT strategy.R Talk | Sun Jian, Chief Scientist of Desperate Technology: How to Build Cloud, End, and Core Visual Computing ¡°R Talk¡± is a deep learning column that will showcase academic sharing and phased technological achievements of scorn technology through irregular pushes. . "R" is an abbreviation of Research and is the internal code of the Institute. All "Talk" comes from Desperate Researcher. "R Talk" aims to promote the development of deep learning technology in China and the world through a fascinating and in-depth study of the lectures. Recently, the 2018 Global Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Summit (CCF-GAIR) was held in Shenzhen. As the top exchange event in China's three fields of artificial intelligence and robotics, industry and investment, CCF-GAIR 2018 aims to build the most powerful cross-border exchange and cooperation platform in the field of artificial intelligence in China. On June 30th, the computer vision was held, and the venue was full. The topic covered the frontier research dynamics of computer vision technology and related specific landing directions. Many listeners stood and listened for hours of sharing. Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and the dean of the institute, gave a wonderful Talk titled ¡°Cloud, End, and Core Visual Computing¡±. Dr. Sun Jian gave a live speech at CCF-GAIR 2018. Sun Jian believes that computer vision is simply to make the machine look good. Defiance of technology hopes to achieve ¡°energy billions of cameras¡±, so that the cameras in all fields are intelligent. Whether it is in the cloud, on the end or on the core. The history of computer vision is to study how to represent the history of images. Before the popularity of deep learning, the best way is to extract features from the image based on features, and then analyze it; but this method has two major drawbacks: First, the number of nonlinear transformations completed by the method is very limited; second, large Most of the parameters are artificially designed, including the Feature. The method of deep neural network makes up for the defects of manual design features. The whole nonlinear transformation can be done many times, in other words, it can be very deep, so the feature representation ability is very strong, and all parameters can be automatically combined and trained. Sun Jian proposed the 152-layer ResNet at Microsoft, and for the first time exceeded the human ability in the ImageNet? large-scale image classification task. Then, Sun Jian classified the various neural network structures from the perspective of computer platform: GoogleNet and ResNet on the ¡°cloud¡±; MobileNet and contempt for ShuffleNet belong to the ¡°end¡± category; BNN, XNOR Net and The contempt for the proposed DorefaNet is on the "core". In view of the current status of network design related networks, Sun Jian believes that there will be a ¡°MetaNet in the future, which can solve the problem of neural network design and optimization on each platform¡±. Finally, Sun Jian briefly introduced computer vision applications on the three platforms of cloud, end and core, including face recognition, vehicle recognition, face payment, smart security, smart finance, urban brain, warehousing logistics, new retail. Wait. The following is the full text of Sun Jian Talk. This article has been edited without changing the original intention. At present, artificial intelligence is generally divided into two parts: perception and cognition. This picture can see the position of computer vision in the field of artificial intelligence. The green indicates that there is a major breakthrough in technology or the application is relatively mature, and orange and yellow indicate that it is still needed. A major breakthrough. It has been 7 years since its inception and has been focusing on computer vision. Last year, contempt received two very good honors. MIT selected the top 10 breakthrough technologies in 2017. The ¡°sharp-paying technology¡± of contempt technology is on the list. This is the first time that Chinese companies¡¯ technology has been won. This award; MIT also ranked as the 11th in the world's top 50 smartest companies in 2017. Defiance last year also completed a new round of financing of 4.6 billion US dollars for better and deeper research and commercial landing. In simple terms, computer vision is what makes a machine look. Since its inception, Defiance Technology has been answering the question "What can we do if the machine can automatically understand an image or a video?" Of course, this is more abstract. In fact, what we want to do is to "enable hundreds of millions of cameras." There are many cameras in daily life and various industries, such as mobile phones, security, industrial, retail, unmanned vehicles, robots, homes, drones, medical, remote sensing and so on. In these places, most of the cameras are not yet intelligent. Our mission is to make these cameras intelligent, whether in the cloud, on the chip or on the chip; we need to build a smart brain to understand the vast amount of information input by the smart camera. Computer vision applications are very broad in relation to speech recognition. The input and output of speech recognition is relatively simple, and the core goal is to turn a piece of speech into a sentence. But the output of the computer vision system is much richer. You need to know the objects, motions, and scenes in the image/video. Who are there, people, location, behavior, expression, attention, and so on. You will face a variety of different tasks in different industries or scenarios, which will make computer vision a large and fast-growing academic field (this year's Computer Vision Annual Conference? CVPR? Participants reached nearly 7000? People), there are also many outstanding startups. The core problems of computer vision include classification, detection, and segmentation, which are to identify each pixel of a picture, a different area of ??a picture, and a picture. In addition, if the input is video, we also need to use the time relationship for identification; the core of which is the classification problem, because it is the core and foundation of the next three tasks. In fact, when artificial intelligence appeared, computer vision was born. Computer vision has a pioneering character called David Marr, who introduced the Primal Sketch method in the early 1980s and a large framework for studying computer vision, arguing that images should first detect Edge and then out of 2Dsketch and 3D models. But MIT professor Marvin Minsky criticized that your theory is good, but ignores the study of the core problem - how to represent an image. The early image representation model of computer vision is Part-based. For example, the human body can be broken down into heads, arms, and legs. The human face can be broken down into eyebrows, eyes, and noses, so that the object can be represented by the combined method of Part. This combined approach works well if an object has a structure, but many natural scene objects do not have such a strong structure. In the 1980s, early neural networks were also successfully used in face and handwritten digit recognition, but only in these two areas. In 2001, there was a method for face detection called Viola & Jones, which first defined a set of Haar wavelet bases and then learned the combination of Harr wavelet bases to represent images through machine learning. The advantage of this method is the introduction of learning to construct an image representation. The downside is that it is limited to this wavelet base, doing well for structured objects, and not necessarily for objects without structures. Probably in 2000?-2012, the most popular expression before deep learning was LocalFeature-based. This method extracts hundreds of features from a picture, and manually forms some Descriptors such as SIFT/HOG. After the code obtains the high-dimensional vector, it is sent to the SVM classifier, which is the best method before deep learning. The face is similar. My previous research team also used the same method to do face key extraction and obtain high-dimensional feature, which is the best face recognition method at that time, but it has two major drawbacks: First, this method is overall The nonlinear transformation of the input vector to another high-dimensional vector. The number of transformations of this vector is finite. If the nonlinear transformation is really three or four times, it will not work, and the performance will not improve. Second Most of the parameters are artificially designed, including the Feature, but the ability of people to design complex systems is limited. Today's mainstream method is deep neural network, these two characteristics have been changed, the whole nonlinear transformation is very long, can be done very many times, so the system's representation ability is very strong; the second is all the joint training of parameters. These two points make the deep neural network really achieve very good results, including the 152-layer residual network ResNet that we proposed at Microsoft at the time, which surpassed human performance on ImageNet for the first time. Why does ResNet work? There is no clear answer to this day, of course there are many explanations. The most intuitive explanation is that when you have a very large number of nonlinear transformation layers, the difference between adjacent two-layer transformations is very small. Instead of learning this mapping directly, it is better to learn the mapping changes. This way makes the whole learning process special. It is easier to train the optimization process. Another explanation comes from Zhang Xiangyu, the second author of the paper (Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun.? Deep Residual Learning For Image Recognition. CVPR 2016.). He believes that the entire learning process of ResNet? is a shallow one. In the deep dynamic process, a shallow network is equivalently trained in the early stage of training, and a deep network is equivalently trained in the latter stage of training. He Yuming, the first author of the paper, has another more "scientific" explanation. He believes that the whole training process is equivalent to the gradient of deep learning. The most difficult problem of gradient disappearance is solved by ResNet. The explanation is also published in ECCV 2016. In a paper (Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, and Jian Sun.? Identity Mapping in Deep Residual Networks. ECCV 2016.), and in this paper, a 1001 layer neural network was trained for the first time. There are also some explanations from peers. One is to associate ResNet with RNN and think that if there is WeightShare, ResNet can be seen as an RNN. There is also an explanation for the integration of ResNet as an index of multiple different depth networks. The word "integration" actually has some problems, because generally we do not integrate training with integrated algorithms, but in this whole ResNet? index multiple networks are jointly trained, so it is difficult to define whether it is integrated. One of the explanations that I personally agree with is Iterative Refinement, which is the initial layer learning representation of the network. Many layers in the later stages are iteratively and refined. This is very similar to people's understanding of literacy. A thing that is not easy to understand, you have to look at it for a while, based on the current understanding of some of the content you have read. There is also an explanation from the point of view of optimization. If the structure of ResNet is not used, the loss function of the system will be very pitted and uneven, so it is difficult to optimize. We know that the whole network training is a non-convex optimization problem. If it is such a non-smooth loss function, it is difficult for the training to jump out of the local minimum; if it is the case of ResNet on the right side of the above figure, it can easily reach a good local. Very small. Recent studies have shown that the area and flatness of localized very small areas are strongly correlated with the ability to generalize a method. Multi-layer ResNet is very capable of learning highly nonlinear mapping. Last year, ResNet was successfully used in DeepMind's AlphaGoZero system, and it was amazing to use a 40 or 80-layer network to learn a highly complex mapping from the board image to the drop position. Since 2012, a variety of neural network structures have emerged. If you look at these tasks from the perspective of the computing platform, you can roughly divide into three categories: the first is in the "cloud", like GoogleNet, ResNet, the goal is to go in the direction of the highest precision, GPU, TPU can train very large models To detect our cognitive boundaries; the second type of platform is on the "end", especially some embedded devices, the computing power on these devices, memory access is limited, but many real scenes are like this, then you How do you do the research work above? Last year, Google proposed that MobileNet be running on mobile devices. Defiance Technology proposed ShuffleNet last year, and its goal is to show how to get the best results on a given amount of computing equipment. The most basic structure of a network is multiple 3 ¡Á 3 convolutions, ResNet adds a jump connection, we also introduce a Bottleneck structure in ResNet, first do 1 ¡Á 1, then 3 ¡Á 3, then back to 1 ¡Á1, this can improve the efficiency of convolution. Last year, He Mingming had a job called ResNeXt, which introduced a method of packet convolution on the basis of 3x3, which can improve the validity of convolution. Google's MobileNet is a 3x3 layered convolution method, each layer of each volume. Each, this method is very effective, especially on low-end devices. ShuffleNet combines the idea of ??packet convolution and layered convolution to group 1¡Á1 Conv packets; but if only grouping, the information between groups will not be exchanged, which will affect feature learning, so we introduce the Shuffle operation to let The information of different groupings is better exchanged, then 3x3 layered convolution, and then back to 1 ¡Á 1 packet convolution, which is the core idea of ??ShuffleNet. Compared to other methods, ShuffleNet is about 20 times faster on real devices than AlexNet with the same accuracy. This is the ShuffleNet we designed for mobile phones last year. It works very well on CPU/ARM; if it is on the GPU, its performance is not good, because the characteristics of CPU and GPU are not the same, there are many reasons, such as Convolution design, Group convolution, etc., I will not go into details. This year we have designed ShuffleNet v2, which is the second version, abandoned the idea of ??grouping convolution, the new method Channel Split and Channel Shuffle combination of the introduction. This method divides the Channel into two, and does each branch with a very simple structure, and then uses the Shuffle operation to merge the Channel. The root of this is some basic guiding principles we found in network design. For example, We need a balanced convolution rather than a sparse convolution, a more regular convolution than a messy convolution.Despise the 2018 AMB meeting to build a smart security awareness network that cooperates with the cloud side. On October 26, the Beijing Anbo Association of 2018 came to a close in the crowd of people who lasted for four days. As the annual highest-level event in China's security field, it is also one of the most authoritative and influential security exhibitions in the world. This year's AMB has gathered thousands of security companies from home and abroad to participate in the exhibition, and the number of visitors has exceeded 150,000. The popularity of the crowd is evident from the scorn booths surrounded by the inside and outside of the crowd. To sum up the characteristics of the 2018 Beijing Anbo Fair, in addition to the exhibitors and the number of people, AI is undoubtedly the key word for the security technology show of this year's Expo. There are thousands of companies in the whole industry that cover the upstream and downstream of the security industry chain. No matter whether it is a traditional security giant or an emerging CV enterprise, there are only a handful of links to AI. Therefore, through the large platform of the AMB, it is also confirmed that the future of security will surely move toward the development trend of deep integration with AI. But the future is not in the blink of an eye, and the complete transformation of intelligent security is not a one-off. In the past few years, companies that have invested in intelligent security construction have spared no effort to demonstrate the top capabilities of their own algorithms. However, with the AI ??deepening into more complex and rigorous security application scenarios, the upgrade of the algorithm layer is far from meeting the security technology. Application appeals, in order to achieve the large-scale landing of AI in security, we must develop synergistic development of the six links of "algorithm, computing power, data, products, engineering, and solutions." Throughout the AI ??products and development concepts launched by security companies at this year's AMB, "AI+Security" has begun to evolve from concepts and algorithms to "cloud platform creation, terminal hardware development, and solution output." Create an AI technology application platform represented by face recognition, and on the other hand, launch AI's innovative research and development on edge computing and terminal hardware. In this year's AMB, contempt also displayed a series of "soft + hard", "cloud + end" intelligent security products and solutions with the theme of "AI in cloud", "AI in side" and "AI in end". The program has become the most representative enterprise of the current R&D platform and pre-engineered intelligent security technology. Security technology platforming In this year's AMB, security giants and AI start-ups have demonstrated their own intelligent security application platforms with different functions to show their technology, the advanced nature of the solution and the vertical depth in the security industry. . From the business point of view, with the diversification of AI technology application brought by the deepening of the security business scene, the creation of an intelligent technology application platform that can effectively combine the security technology and warfare method has become the key to establishing the core technology advantages of security enterprises. . Despise the display of the geology video structure platform at the 2018 AMB contempt for the display of the hole identification image recognition platform at the 2018 AMB Expo. The contempt is also based on its own world-leading deep learning visual technology combined with public security combat demands to create The cloud research platform for the face recognition application platform, the smart video structure platform, and the Huishun video big data platform. Based on core AI algorithms such as face recognition, ReID recognition, and video structuring, these cloud research and development platforms despise research and development can intelligently analyze portraits, pedestrians, and vehicles in massive video and images, providing various police types for the public security industry. Intelligent operation schemes such as one person, one file, human-car relationship, and trajectory analysis help the police to accurately and efficiently detect illegal and criminals and maintain public security. Edge AI continues to innovate Currently, the number of IoT devices in the public security field is still growing rapidly, while security users are increasingly demanding the efficiency and accuracy of AI technology applications. In this case, the empowerment of edge intelligence becomes the trend of the times. Injecting AI computing power into the edge, the massive, accurate and lossless structured video data selection in the sensing front end of the massive unstructured video data can not only effectively reduce the network bandwidth pressure, but also save system storage and computing resources and improve the system. Real-time response speed and analysis accuracy. Despise AI in the side - high-density face capture platform 300 face concurrent capture capture contempt AI in the end - Minguan, Y series smart camera part of the show at the 2017 AMB, contempt shows the industry's first Full-frame, full-frame portrait capture machine and intelligent computing "box" create the trend of AI pre-production. In 2018, the Expo was launched with a new scene + edge computing-driven ecological solution, adding a new member to the pre-initial AI product innovation - a high-density face capture platform capable of capturing 300 faces and capturing 4K resolution ultra-high-definition quality industry's cutting-edge 4K structured camera, and the "strongest brain cube" B3 single-chip 16-channel video analysis box that integrates the functions of grabbing, recognizing and contrasting alarms. In addition, it despise the industry's first fully-structured camera C4N-888, which can be used for human-car identification in the past year. It can be equipped with a chassis-separated upgraded version of the police processing and control equipment, fast-capture series, portable 2.0, and the latest integration. The powerful intelligent security hardware innovations such as the Ruijing series of smart glasses developed by the face recognition algorithm have also become the focus of attention at this year's AMB. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security solutions in China, it is also the earliest artificial intelligence enterprise to enter the security field. It despise the long-term security and actual combat scenes, and combines the "intelligence, referral and diligence" linkage security combat appeal to create Out-of-the-box solutions covering all aspects of algorithms, technologies, hardware products, solutions, and data, helping public security users build a new intelligent security closed-loop system including front-end awareness, cloud research, and terminal applications. . Facing the future, AI's strong engineering, strong vertical and strong subdivision will continue to require algorithms and computing power to combine security and actual combat scenarios and data growth to develop more powerful products and better solutions. Defiance will also continue to deepen the security field, and will continue to enhance the comprehensive upgrade and transformation of China's security with the never-ending AI cloud edge collaborative innovation. What are the far-reaching meanings of facial recognition technology?With the development of science and technology, many of the imaginations that existed only in science fiction novels have become reality, which has brought about qualitative changes in people's work and life. Facial recognition technology is one of the representatives of the universal application of artificial intelligence technology. Some people may say that there is already a fingerprint recognition, and it seems that it is not safe and not enough to cover the face. However, due to the unique characteristics of the face, facial recognition has the characteristics of real-time accuracy, ease of use, high stability, difficulty in counterfeiting, non-intrusion, etc., and is more easily accepted by users. Facial recognition technology is not only of great significance to our lives, but also plays a positive role in improving the safety of use. It may be that you don't pay attention to it. In fact, facial recognition technology can be said to be encountered every day, and it may be used. For example, mobile phones that are closely related to people's lives and work are one of the most widely used areas of facial recognition. Face recognition technology is installed on mobile phones, which can be used for unlocking, paying, photographing beauty, etc., bringing great life to our lives. convenient. Furthermore, in the field of people's livelihood, in the past, retired old people receiving pensions must personally go to the social security location for trial, and often need to run errands and one year of certification to complete the process, neither humanization nor waste of financial resources. Nowadays, using the pension application APP with access to face recognition technology, it only needs to complete the online remote identity verification through ¡°brushing face¡±, which solves the problem of remote authentication. In addition to the life scene, we can find in the workplace. Face recognition machines are installed at the entrance of many companies. Whenever people walk, the machine automatically completes the non-cooperative facial recognition, which means that it can be connected to the company's attendance. Facilitate company management, reduce labor costs, and greatly improve the efficiency of employees. It can be said that facial recognition is the first step in artificial intelligence to understand the world. In the future world where artificial intelligence fully affects social operation, it is even more necessary for the machine to recognize everything. In the security field, facial recognition has empowered cameras in various scenes of the city to identify faces, arrest criminals, and lock suspicious elements to upgrade urban social order. In the financial field, the large-scale application of APP and face verification verification machine with facial recognition facilitates users, improves account security and greatly improves bank work efficiency, service quality and user experience. With the development of technology, when facial recognition is more popular, it is true that the era of brushing will come. In the current improvement of facial recognition technology, I believe that in the near future, it will fill all aspects of our lives and provide better services for everyone's life. At that time, our life will be more convenient.Dynamic face recognition brings a revolutionary security prevention. Dynamic face recognition. You may be confused when you first see this term, but you don't know that this technology is setting off a security revolution. So what is dynamic face recognition? As the name implies, there is no need to wait. In the process of traveling or moving, the identification is completed by non-coordination, which has the characteristics of higher precision, better experience, faster response and timely feedback command. Compared with other biometric technologies, dynamic face recognition has unique advantages in applications. It can collect information most directly and naturally, and can realize long-distance, fast, contactless recognition and recording of human faces. After entering the corresponding back-end system, it can be compared with the database in real time, and the personnel can be found in time and automatically alerted. The birth of dynamic face recognition has pushed social security forward a big step. At present, dynamic face recognition technology has been widely used in urban governance, social stability, criminal investigation and other scenarios. There are many vicious incidents every year. The occurrence of these vicious incidents will undoubtedly have a great impact on people's psychology. Especially the vicious incidents in densely populated areas have a very large impact. If this dynamic face recognition technology is used, it is meaningful to take precautions against those who have dangers and input, and to monitor them in advance. The application of dynamic face recognition technology is very wide. It is installed in public places to improve the safety of public places. When applied to criminal investigation, it can greatly improve the detection rate and apply it to the network and finance. It will also enhance these areas. Security and more. It can be said that the birth of this technology has made human safety a big step forward. However, the current technology seems to be only used in some public places and important places, such as public security, aviation, large enterprises and institutions, large-scale conference activities, docks and other places with high population density. Although this technology can't be foolproof, it can play a huge auxiliary role. Dynamic face recognition technology has its own advantages and has little impact on people's lives. The collection of face images is done in a state where people are not conscious, and the machine will not fatigue as long as it does not fail. It will not reduce the accuracy rate due to the passage of time. This is incomparable to the human eye. After all, people are flesh and blood, and the correct rate will be affected by many objective factors, and computers do not have such a thing. With the further improvement and enhancement of dynamic face recognition technology, the scope of application will become more and more extensive, and the connection with people will become more and more close, and the convenience brought by people's life and work will also become more and more. High, will also bring more protection to people. I hope that in the near future, our country will have the strength to use this technology in a large area.Defiance of Technology and Inspur Software Group to Help China's Smart City Construction On October 29th, Defiance Technology and Inspur Software Group formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement, and both parties will play their respective advantages to carry out comprehensive cooperation in various fields of smart cities. Jiang Zhenhua, vice president of Inspur Group, Zhang Xinfa, deputy general manager of Smart City Business Division, and Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology, and Wang Hao, deputy technical director of science and technology, attended the signing ceremony. A smart city is a new type of urban development model that promotes the deep integration of a new generation of information technology and urban modernization, and realizes the coordinated development of the country and the city. The construction of a new smart city has been promoted to a national strategy. As an industry-leading builder with artificial intelligence as its core, Defiance Technology has long been committed to self-developing top-notch artificial intelligence technologies and products, enabling urban financial, security, retail, community, logistics and other industries to link infrastructure. The construction of an intelligent integrated management platform for urban brains with AI+IoT as the core will help China's cities achieve comprehensive and in-depth smart city upgrades. Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology, said at the signing ceremony: ¡°Defiance Technology is the leader of the Chinese artificial intelligence wave and the unicorn enterprise. In the process of building the industry Internet of Things and the urban brain with artificial intelligence as the core, contempt I hope to upgrade the public IoT with technology to achieve refined management of urban security and governance. Inspur Software Group is China's leading cloud computing and big data service provider, and it is a great honor to be a strategic partner with Inspur Software Group. China's smart city construction and contribution to social public security." Jiang Zhenhua, vice president of Inspur Group, said: "Inspur Software Group was established in 2000, is one of the core industrial units of Inspur Group, and is also the backbone of the wave of smart city business. In the future, Inspur Software will cooperate with Defiance Technology in AI, cloud computing and other smart city projects, and establish corresponding regular promotion mechanisms to promote the sustainable and stable development of both businesses.¡± According to the agreement, the two parties will establish close and long-term And a harmonious strategic partnership to give full play to contempt Innovative R&D on artificial intelligence technologies and solutions, and the advantages of Inspur Software Group in the integration of software and hardware integration systems, adhering to the principle of ¡°mutual benefit, equality and integrity¡±, tourism, taxation, transportation, education, environmental protection, in smart cities. Cooperate with solutions in public security, smart government, urban integrated network platform and related cooperation projects to achieve resource sharing and complementary advantages, and jointly promote the development of smart city business. The construction of smart cities requires the synergy of next-generation information technologies such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, and cloud computing. In particular, the depth of artificial intelligence in the subdivisions of smart cities requires stable, secure, and powerful computing performance support. It is hoped that through cooperation with more industry partners, we will build more advanced and professional AI products and solutions, build smart cities and create a better city life for human beings.