Defiance Technology Face++ United Technologies Department made a heavy debut at the 2018 Shanghai International Trade FairOn April 19th, the 6th China (Shanghai) International Technology Import and Export Fair (referred to as the ¡°Shandong Fair¡±) was grandly opened in Shanghai. In the context of the rapid development of the artificial intelligence industry and the increasing number of machine generations, this exhibition It has aroused widespread concern in various industries at home and abroad. Among them, China's artificial intelligence leading company Defying Technology Face++ also displayed the latest artificial intelligence cutting-edge technology in the exhibition area opened by the Ministry of Science and Technology. In addition, Defiance also provided face recognition welcome technical support for the exhibition's admission service, showing the world's advanced AI technology in the most intuitive way. The 6th Shanghai International Trade Fair was the first national, international and professional technology trade exhibition approved by the State Council. The theme of this session of the Shanghai Stock Exchange is ¡°Innovation Drives Development, Protects Intellectual Property, and Promotes Technology Trade¡±. With a total exhibition area of ??35,000 square meters, it not only brings together the top technology companies in China, but also high-tech companies from the United States, Germany, Britain, Singapore, Japan, Russia, Finland, Mexico and other countries to participate in the world. Presenting a large-scale international technology feast. In recent years, contempt for its own in the field of artificial intelligence, whether in technology research and development or in the industry, has reached the forefront of the world artificial intelligence stage, this contempt with many innovations has become a debut A highlight of the rendezvous. In the artificial intelligence high-tech exhibition area opened by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the latest end-to-end intelligent security technology and the new intelligent intelligent remodeling technology of mobile phones were displayed, which attracted many visitors. The Shanghai International Trade Fair defied the security and mobile phone market with a wide range of artificial intelligence application scenarios. In the long-term exploration practice, it despised the leading urban face recognition and video structuring technologies to create a ¡°city eye¡± intelligent security system. Through its own end-to-end product + solution system, it provides technical support for public security, lost elderly and children's recovery, and has been implemented in the public security system of 32 provinces and cities nationwide. In the intelligent reshaping business of mobile phones, the company has developed face-to-face unlocking and portrait light-effect technology based on the needs of the new era of the mobile phone industry, providing intelligent security and image processing services for mobile phones, including vivo, millet and glory. In-depth application of almost all domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturers, including Mito and Hammer. The leading edge of many technologies and landings has also made contempt to be a hotspot for the exhibition area of ??the S&T Science and Technology Department, attracting experts from various industries to come to inquire. Li Meng, deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology, and Ni Yuegang, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce, and other leaders of the ministries and commissions also came to the exhibition area to understand the status quo of enterprise and technology development. Li Meng, deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology, visited Niu Ganggang, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce, to visit the exhibition area. At the same time, this year's Shanghai International Trade Fair held a number of science and technology forums, among which the most concerned artificial intelligence field, despising technology Face++ Marketing Director Zhang Xin was invited to attend and gave a keynote speech to the world's guests. Zhang Xin said that contempt for the development of artificial intelligence, combined with the core scenes of the financial, security, mobile phone and other industries to develop a number of "AI +" leading technology, only rooted in the industry can achieve rapid growth of intelligent business. Zhang Xin, the marketing director of Face++ Technology, shared his contempt for the development status at the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In another sub-forum discussion on robots, Zhang Xin also revealed his strategic adjustment in the future. Defiance believes that the future of mankind must be based on "AI+IoT", so artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things are inseparable. The artificial intelligence industry should not only focus on algorithms, computing power, but also empowerment. The terminal opens up the link between people, people and things, things and things. At present, Defiance has completed the acquisition of the intelligent storage robot company Ai Ruisi, and will regard the intelligent robot as one of the company's key development targets, as an entry point for in-depth intelligent manufacturing and intelligent object. Zhang Xin said that the company has unique advantages in face recognition and other technologies. In recent years, the company has responded to the national ¡°13th Five-Year Plan¡± and gradually shifted its business focus to robotic applications based on artificial intelligence technology. . This time, together with Ai Ruisi, will help the implementation of the company's future development plan. ¡°Defiance Technology has strong technology and product research and development advantages. Ai Ruisi has the hardware advantages of robot design and development. The advantages of the two parties are combined to complement each other, which helps to continuously improve the performance of intelligent robot products and promote the domestic machine generation process. Refueling!" Through this event, Despise Technology once again went abroad as a representative enterprise in the technological powers, letting China's smart technology shine on the international stage. In the future, we will continue to innovate R&D of artificial intelligence and promote the explosive development of China's artificial intelligence industry with more leading scale industries.Defiance of science and technology to undertake the special core project of national key research and development planOn May 4th, the Ministry of Science and Technology officially announced the list of six key special projects of the first batch of national key R&D plans in 2018, including one 2017 key special project and five 2018 key special projects, focusing on ¡°transformability¡±. "Technical key scientific issues", "big science device frontier research", "protein machine and life process regulation", "quantum control and quantum information", "nanotechnology" and "global change and response" field, the total project funding exceeds 1.6 billion yuan. Defying the list of proposed core projects for the national key R&D plan, there are 86 projects from 53 units, 47 of which are led by 23 universities. Xi'an Jiaotong University is honored to be one of them, taking the lead in hosting the national key plan R&D project ¡°Next Generation Deep Learning Theory, Method and Key Technology¡±, defiance of science and technology, Tsinghua University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, University of Science and Technology of China, Institute of Computing Technology of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Sichuan Changhong is a joint undertaking unit. The project is affiliated to the special project ¡°Key Scientific Issues of Transformative Technology¡±. The central government has a budget of 27.22 million yuan, and the project execution cycle is 5 years. Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Vision Technology Face++, is the project leader. It is reported that the project has a total of five sub-projects, among which the subject of Vision Technology is ¡°the theoretical framework and analysis method of the deep learning work mechanism¡±, and the project leader is Sun Jian; other project names, organizers and responsible persons can see the following figure. : Frontier enterprises provide scientific and technological support for national strategy. This year, the rapid development of deep learning technology and artificial intelligence has drawn the eyes of China and the world, and has gradually become a key factor in the country's competitive hard power. In March 2017, in the government work report of the Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress, ¡°Artificial Intelligence¡± was first written into the government work report. Since then, government documents on the development of artificial intelligence have emerged. The most detailed content, the clearest industry context, and the most clear goal are the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± issued by the State Council on July 20, 2017 ( Hereinafter referred to as "Planning"). The "Planning" further defines the strategic goals and key tasks for the development of China's artificial intelligence industry. It stipulates that by 2025, the basic theory of artificial intelligence will achieve a major breakthrough, and some technologies and applications will reach the world's leading level. Artificial intelligence will become China's industrial upgrading and economic transformation. The main driving force, the positive progress of the intelligent society construction; and stressed the need to look forward to the layout of major science and technology projects, aiming at the major basic theories and common key technology bottlenecks unique to the new generation of artificial intelligence, strengthen the overall coordination, and form a new generation of artificial intelligence major science and technology projects The core, an artificial intelligence project that coordinates the current and future R&D missions. It can be seen that the Chinese government pays unprecedented attention to the basic theory and core technology of artificial intelligence, and proposes a grand decision-making that takes the major science and technology projects as the core and captures the global artificial intelligence basic theory high ground and the core technology frontier through the layout of artificial intelligence project groups. The national key R&D plan was officially implemented since 2006, mainly from the original National Key Basic Research and Development Program (973 Program), the National High Technology Research and Development Program (863 Program), the National Science and Technology Support Program, the International Science and Technology Cooperation and Exchange Program, and the Industry. The technology research and development fund and the public welfare industry research project are integrated. The national major science and technology project has always provided strong support for China's scientific and technological development. This time, with the approval of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University took the lead in undertaking and despising the artificial intelligence project under the responsibility of Dr. Sun Jian, the dean of the Science and Technology Research Institute, which can be regarded as a more specific development and implementation of the "Planning". As a part of promoting the development of China's new generation of artificial intelligence, defiance of science and technology to undertake research on the subject, from the government's point of view, is a certainty and trust in contempt for technology; from contempt for itself, it is a responsibility for the country. And responsibility. Artificial intelligence has been proposed since 1956. It has been more than 60 years old. During the period when the theoretical paradigm has been transformed, the industry encounters many ups and downs. Finally, from 2012, it has ushered in an unprecedented AI Spring, in which deep neural networks, or deep learning is a strong color. One stroke. Deep learning technology has achieved great success in the fields of intelligent robot, image recognition, speech recognition, natural language processing, etc. due to its automatic and efficient feature expression and classification ability. It is one of the important directions of the new generation of artificial intelligence development strategy in China. The development strategy of the government's "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan". However, the existing deep learning methods have inherent defects, and it is difficult to meet the ever-expanding application requirements in an open environment. It is difficult to realize the synchronization of the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence with the world advanced level, which has become a bottleneck restricting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence. Therefore, in order to establish the next generation of deep learning theory framework and key technology systems have extremely urgent needs. The implementation of this project will help to propose innovative methods and core technologies to meet the major needs of ubiquitous, high-risk, high-reliability and other application scenarios, and paving the way for AI to empower hundreds of industries from the perspective of the underlying technology. Making artificial intelligence technology a new way to improve people's livelihood will help build a safe and convenient intelligent society and further promote the deployment and implementation of China's artificial intelligence national strategy. At the same time, the project is also conducive to defying science and technology to strengthen research cooperation with academic representatives such as Xi'an University of Science and Technology and Tsinghua University, promote the development of industry-university-research cooperation, further master the key technologies of artificial intelligence, and consolidate the status of the global machine vision artificial intelligence industry leader. Towards the vision of using artificial intelligence to empower humanity.Despise technology to bring new life AI solutionsOn May 24th, the retail industry AI solution service provider defied Technology Face++ and domestic convenience store digital new retail enabler - Fresh Life, officially announced strategic cooperation at the 2018 China Convenience Store Conference, and will jointly set up labor The Intelligent New Retail Research Institute, Wu Wenyi, Partner of Face++ Technology and Senior Vice President of Cloud Business Department, and Xiao Xin, Chairman and CEO of Fresh Life, attended the signing ceremony on behalf of both parties. After the cooperation is reached, the two parties will combine their respective advantages to research and develop the application of the digital retail new solution based on artificial intelligence and Internet of Things technology in the convenience store scene to efficiently bridge the huge scale of physical retail and virtual retail, and strive to build Create a new retail smart internet network driven by ¡°AI+IoT¡± and consisting of ¡°retail cloud¡± and ¡°smart end¡±. Using AI to activate digitalization of retail scenes If 2017 is the first year of ¡°new retail¡±, e-commerce is no longer the main battlefield of the retail industry. The superposition of Internet, big data and artificial intelligence technology has catalyzed innovations such as face payment and unmanned supermarkets. Application and business model, the traditional retail industry is undergoing a top-down business transformation of the consumer industry, "new retail" will form a more efficient retail retail and virtual retail seamless integration of the new retail format. After a year of development, the concept of new retail has been successfully implemented in China and has a multi-polar development trend. In 2018, new retail will usher in rapid development and full expansion. Fresh Life is the nation's leading convenience store digital new retail enabler, and its convenient store network spreads all over the country. At the end of last year, Fresh Life Cooperative Easy Fruit and Greentown Services acquired a good neighbor in full capital, and as a national partner of Tmall Supermarket 1 hour business, it has landed in more than 20 cities and pre-located warehouses. In the four-day promotion of Beijing, which started on May 8th, more than 300 convenience stores owned by Fresh Life and Tmall have cooperated for one hour, and have achieved a score of 100,000. Fresh Life hopes to continue to improve the efficiency of all aspects of online and offline through the use of new retail AI solutions. As more and more emerging retail stores land, the abstract new retail concept has a figurative representation, and convenience stores in the terminal retail industry have become the key to breaking new retail. After the turmoil of 2017, the convenience store industry must tap new values ??and competition points from the source of the industry. Xiao Xin, CEO of Fresh Life, said in a speech at the 2018 China Convenience Store Conference that Fresh Life is deepening its digitalization and even redefining itself as a digital operator of convenience stores. He believes that the industry upgrade is inseparable from the most cutting-edge technologies such as data, algorithms and artificial intelligence. The fresh life needs to be based on every link of convenience store consumption, complete network and intelligence, and create a fully digital platform for online and offline integration. . Therefore, the combination of artificial intelligence enterprises and convenience store industry has become an inevitable trend, and this has also spawned the cooperation between Fresh Life and Vision Technology Face++. Fresh Life CEO Xiao Xin is one of the world's "most intelligent" companies and major AI technology breakthroughs. Defying Technology Face++ is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the world to implement face recognition and other computer vision products using deep learning technology. Based on the original deep learning algorithm engine MegBrain, Vision Technology Face++ is deeply rooted in the three core areas of urban management, consumer terminals and retail logistics, and empowers urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles to build a digital and intelligent IOT data network. . Among them, the offline retail scene data is missing, the pain point of data-driven decision-making cannot be used, and the industry-leading computer vision algorithm and the object-sensing terminal system are despised, and a new cloud industry + smart-end new retail industry solution is independently developed. Program. It can multi-dimensionally sense and understand the identity attributes of customers and the behavior information that occurs during the consumption process and the various types of data triggered in the scene, and help the merchants improve the capability boundary of the store operators through the fusion analysis and deep mining of the data. Optimize business strategy and supply chain management to achieve cost reduction and efficiency enhancement in the process of data processing in stores. It is understood that the smart digitization solutions of most retail stores on the market currently come from defying the retail team. Despise x Fresh Life Wisdom Store Hangzhou Land According to reports, the new retail AI solution of Vision Technology Face++ has been successfully applied in Hangzhou. From the facade, this convenience store is no different from other stores, but at the China Convenience Store Conference, Xiao Xin showed the rich wisdom of this new convenience store. Defying the technology Face++ and the fresh life cooperation digital smart store landing in Hangzhou In this smart store, when consumers enter the convenience store, the smart terminal deployed in the store can capture the consumer and its membership for the first time. Identification and confirmation, through the core technology of attribute analysis, trajectory tracking, product identification and intelligent shelf sensing terminal, digitally upgrade the physical store to help the merchant to grasp the in-store customers under different conditions (age, gender, identity, time, etc.) in real time. Group dynamic trend, regional thermal distribution and commodity consumption preferences. Combined with the existing ERP/CRM data of the retail enterprise, the deep-separated model is used to model the data after integration, and intelligently solve the problem of what goods need to be entered in the store, when to purchase the goods, and how many goods to enter; and can help the store to build users. The group's favorite portraits are implemented in user consumption recommendations in different scenarios. This intelligent auxiliary business decision-making system realized by AI+IoT can enable traditional retail operators to enhance the store manager's ability in a short period of time, so that the young inexperienced store manager can quickly reach the store manager level of 5-10 years. Xiao Xin, chairman and CEO of Fresh Life, said that the digital model has had a significant effect on the upgrade of good neighbors. Compared with traditional stores, the daily order volume has increased by an average of 130% year-on-year; the inventory turnover rate has increased by 110%; The repurchase rate has increased by 100%; the service radius has increased from one kilometer to three kilometers. Fresh Life has mature experience in retail supply chain resources and operations, and will join forces with contempt in the future to empower more retail industry partners through technology and services. Wu Wenzhao, Partner of Face++ Technology and Senior Vice President of Cloud Division, defied Wu Wenzhao's view of the future of the new retail sector. The new retail should be driven by artificial intelligence, big data and IoT technologies. ¡°The retail logistics industry is defying the field that is being ploughed. We hope to combine the artificial intelligence perception and big data capabilities to help retailers better understand consumers and better understand them, and finally bring them to the public. The more perfect the consumer service and environment. The cooperation with the fresh life is a milestone in the process of leading the transformation of the retail industry. The two sides have a lot of imagination in the future.¡± It can be seen that in the future of the new retail industry, embracing technology is an inevitable trend. Artificial intelligence, big data, and IoT technology are destined to penetrate every aspect of retail. This change will not only subvert existing retail formats, but will also change people's consumption experience. For the merchants, reducing costs and increasing efficiency, building a temperature-consuming consumer environment for consumers is a constant pursuit. The contempt for the comprehensive cooperation between Face++ and the fresh life and good neighbors has set a new benchmark for the new retail industry.