How will AI promote urban and rural development? How to help the "two hundred years" struggle goal? The Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trend of artificial intelligence development on the afternoon of October 31. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, emphasized that artificial intelligence is an important driving force for a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is related to whether China can seize a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. Strategic issues. For the field of urban research, "artificial intelligence" is a frontier topic. A deep understanding of General Secretary Xi's strategic thesis on "artificial intelligence" and its implementation in urban development and planning practice is a focus of future research and practical innovation of urban research. Based on the deep accumulation of urban innovative think tank business in the field of urban planning, management and operation and maintenance in Tsinghua Tongheng Technology Innovation Center, we provide exploratory insights on the topic of how artificial intelligence will promote high-quality urban and rural development. In order to teach peers and jointly promote the implementation of the national "artificial intelligence" strategy. From ¡°smart city¡± to ¡°smart city¡± Since IBM first proposed the concept of ¡°Smart Planet¡± in 2008, its derivative concept ¡°Smart City¡± has always been a hotspot of scholars and industry. The government also attaches great importance to this. Since 2012, China's Ministry of Housing and Construction and the Ministry of Science and Technology have successively announced three batches of 290 smart city pilot lists, which have promoted the massive landing of smart city construction projects in China. From the perspective of existing practice, the smart city emphasizes the real-time dynamic monitoring of multi-dimensional urban operation status through the integration and integration of information technology software and hardware, and realizes the first in the closed loop of urban governance ¡°monitoring-assessment-simulation-prediction-decision¡± step. With the continuous development of big data and learning algorithms, "artificial intelligence" is in an unprecedented period of vigorous development. The artificial intelligence program AlphaGo developed by Google has triggered the "artificial intelligence" boom, which has made people see the "artificial intelligence" rich. At the same time, the concept of "Intelligent City" will be given more rich connotations and imagination with unlimited possibilities. Different from the concept of ¡°smart city¡± once proposed in the 1990s, the ¡°intelligence¡± discussed in the context of ¡°artificial intelligence¡± emphasizes the real-time and dynamic continuous generation of government affairs systems, the Internet, the Internet of Things, and big data. On the basis of accumulation and accumulation, through the system's self-diagnosis, evaluation and early warning, the complex simulation and situational presentation with autonomous control features are further realized, which provides an objective and reliable basis for decision support. In other words, let the complex system have the ability to ¡°think¡± like a ¡°smart person¡± and independently respond to changes in the external system elements, and provide early warning, assessment and possible solutions. Therefore, whether in the depth or breadth of the category, "smart city" can be seen as the evolutionary form of "smart city." The role of artificial intelligence in urban and rural development How will artificial intelligence promote future urban development and achieve better life in cities? We believe that due to the complexity and uncertainty of urban systems, the complexities and changes in the relationships between elements often exceed humans themselves. The cognitive ability, the huge computing power of the intelligent system and the massive coverage data will help the city's complex systems to achieve self-assessment, automatic tuning and intelligent management. First, artificial intelligence to achieve self-assessment of urban system operation. Through real-time monitoring of all aspects of the city such as population, industry, transportation, energy, real estate prices, etc., mining, evaluating and identifying the imbalance between the supply and demand of urban system elements and the insufficiency, and proposing real-time warning to avoid urban operation and maintenance risks and improve System performance. For example, through the location location data of the map service, it is possible to monitor the abnormal situation of rapid gathering of people in a specific area of ??the city, and provide an early warning to avoid sudden events such as crowded trampling. Through the mobile phone signaling data, the distribution of urban population in different age groups can be observed more accurately and accurately, and the population quantity and distribution can be accurately predicted based on the depth algorithm. Further spatially correlating the population size with the scale and location of urban public service facilities, it is possible to accurately identify areas where supply of specific types of facilities is insufficient, and facilities that require excess capacity for supply. Second, the automatic tuning of artificial intelligence assisted resource configuration. Based on the urban system-level operational assessment, the internal association between subsystems is effectively exploited, and the potential allocated resources are combined, and the resource allocation is adjusted and optimized through the allocation of resources across time. For example, in the joint analysis of traffic flow and urban public facilities, population, and industrial distribution, structural, system-level, and facility-based and accident-type causes of traffic congestion can be tapped, thereby optimizing urban roads through optimal layout of urban service facilities and land use. Overall efficiency of use. In the aspect of urban industry research and development, based on the national enterprise big data and industrial atlas algorithm, according to the local resource endowment, industrial foundation, talent technology and market network, the local industry ¡°character¡± is imaged to realize industrial optimization. Accurate selection of upgrades; deep mining of enterprise static data and dynamic information, into the industry, region, enterprise scale, capital, technology and other multi-dimensional constraints, to achieve intelligent and accurate investment. Third, artificial intelligence promotes the intelligentization of urban governance. Utilize the big data accumulated by urban operation and mature learning algorithms to make a detailed assessment of the investment and performance in the urban governance process, and then realize the optimization of urban space use and policy. In the face of the macro requirements of the national governance system and the modernization of governance capacity, urban refined governance needs to explain how the linkages between the governance means and the various systems of the city will occur after the implementation of the policy; or what kind of governance should the urban system adopt to achieve specific change objectives. means. The traditional statistical data acquisition cycle is long, it is difficult to meet the requirements of fine-grained governance and small-step fast-moving, and it is impossible to achieve the integration of government information resources and the accurate prediction and effective guidance of public demand. The use of a large amount of real-time data in urban operation, combined with the system dynamics and artificial intelligence algorithms gradually accumulated in urban research, can provide good applicability and support for urban governance intelligence, and improve the level of public services and social governance. For example, based on the trajectory of residents' movements, combined with the learning algorithm to extract the quantitative elements of the street built environment, study the preference of residents' sports behaviors to the built environment of the street, and based on this, propose the street improvement environment improvement strategy. Outlook: Artificial intelligence will help the future of the "two hundred years" goal, artificial intelligence will focus on many important strategic directions of national development such as urban and rural planning and rural revitalization through intelligent means in multiple time and space scales and multi-urban and urban dimensions. Solve the problem of current unbalanced development and insufficient development, and help achieve the goal of "two hundred years". Focusing on expanding from urban to residential environment, in the urban-rural integration, artificial intelligence will pay more attention to how to achieve self-assessment of urban-rural integration system, functional structure of urban agglomeration and automatic adjustment of cross-regional resources in a wider space. Excellent to improve the overall planning, coordination and high quality governance between urban and rural areas. Through the intelligent allocation of urban and rural unified elements in line with the social and economic levels of each region, foster urban and rural industrial development, improve the benign interaction between urban and rural population, goods and services, and alleviate the urban diseases caused by excessive population concentration and insufficient public goods supply in some regions. problem. In terms of rural revitalization, the ¡°smart village¡± corresponding to ¡°smart city¡± will become an upgrade after the existing smart agriculture system is injected into artificial intelligence technology. Artificial intelligence technology will provide intelligent solutions to the modern agricultural industrial system, production system and management system mentioned in the rural revitalization strategy based on the growth of agricultural products in the production area and the price changes of the place of sale.Manufacturing, agriculture, medical... How does AI empower a new era? In 2018, the domestic artificial intelligence and big data industry continued to develop rapidly. With the introduction of national planning, the construction of artificial intelligence in various regions will be gradually started. It is estimated that by 2020, the scale of China's artificial intelligence core industry will exceed 160 billion yuan, and the growth rate will reach 26.2%. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping has placed innovation at the core of the overall development of the country, attached great importance to the development of artificial intelligence, and repeatedly talked about the importance of artificial intelligence, pointing out the direction for artificial intelligence to empower the new era. At the end of the year, we have sorted out the important speeches and signed articles of General Secretary Xi Jinping throughout the year. Let us follow these speeches to explore and understand the top-level design ideas of big data and artificial intelligence. I. Deep integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy From April 20 to 21, 2018, Xi Jinping re-emphasized the importance of the integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy when attending the National Network Security and Informatization Work Conference. The deep integration of data, artificial intelligence and the real economy accelerates the digitization, networking and intelligence of manufacturing, agriculture and service industries." Below, we focus on combing the real economic fields of artificial intelligence empowerment mentioned by General Secretary Xi, which Strategy, what results have been achieved so far. 1. Manufacturing as China's strategic plan of action for manufacturing countries in the next decade, "Made in China 2025" has laid the foundation for China's smart manufacturing policy. At the end of 2016, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the Ministry of Finance issued the ¡°Intelligent Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020)¡±, proposing a ¡°two-step¡± strategy for smart manufacturing development: by 2020, the foundation and support capabilities of smart manufacturing development will be significantly enhanced, and traditional manufacturing The key areas are basically digital manufacturing; by 2025, the intelligent manufacturing support system has been basically established, and key industries have initially achieved intelligent transformation. At present, China is vigorously developing Industry 4.0 to promote the digital upgrading of manufacturing. The large-scale manufacturing base provides a unique test and promotion environment for promoting Industry 4.0 and developing the digital economy. Among them, a group of innovative industrial enterprises represented by Red Collar, Haier, Sany Heavy Industry, Baosteel and Changan Automobile have achieved remarkable results in exploring digital transformation. For example, Sany Heavy Industry can connect nearly 300,000 operating parameters in real time through Tencent Cloud to connect 300,000 devices distributed around the world. Based on cloud computing and big data, Sany Heavy Industry can remotely manage the operation status of the equipment group, not only achieving fault repair within 2 hours to the site, completing within 24 hours, but also greatly reducing inventory pressure. At the 2018 World Intelligent Manufacturing Conference held in Nanjing this year, Xin Guobin, a member of the Party Group and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, pointed out the positive results achieved by China's smart manufacturing development in recent years: First, the promotion of the initial formation of the system, the central linkage, established The development path of digitalization, networking and intelligent advancement of China's manufacturing industry; second, breakthroughs in key areas, a number of technical equipment and industrial software to fill gaps, and initially establish intelligent manufacturing standards and industrial Internet system architecture; Obviously, 305 pilot demonstration projects have been implemented at the national level, and the production efficiency has increased by nearly 30% on average. At the same time, a number of new models have been introduced to the relevant industries. The fourth is the continuous expansion of open cooperation, standard system architecture, standard roadmap development, standards. Pragmatic cooperation was carried out in mutual recognition, industrial parks and training base construction. 2. Agriculture In September 2018, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued the ¡°Implementation Plan for Supporting Actions for Rural Revitalization Science and Technology¡±. One of its implementation priorities is to strengthen research on basic frontier technologies: efficient breeding of crops, long-lasting green control of pests, and efficient agricultural resources. Use, agricultural product quality and safety control, major livestock and poultry whole genome selection breeding technology, agricultural synthetic biotechnology, agricultural big data integration technology, agricultural nanotechnology, agricultural artificial intelligence technology, intelligent equipment development and other innovative capabilities with strong action, research foundation and talents Reserve strategic and forward-looking major scientific and cutting-edge technical issues, strengthen the scientific research organization model characterized by original innovation and system layout, deploy key research directions, achieve major scientific breakthroughs, and seize the commanding heights of world scientific development. At present, AI technology has been applied in many fields in agriculture. For example, artificial neural network technology can be used to analyze soil properties and establish a correlation model with suitable crop varieties to accurately determine the appropriate soil suitable. Planting crops to improve the production efficiency and economic benefits of crops. A I technology can also help farmers choose the right water source, suitable fertilizer to irrigate crops, fertilize, ensure the water consumption and fertilizer application of crops, and greatly reduce the adverse effects of irrigation problems on crop yield. In addition, AI robots can replace manual picking and handling work. The robotic gripper has been able to quickly and accurately transport agricultural products of various shapes without damaging the function of any one product, thereby effectively avoiding the time problem caused by the conventional manual picking method and the risk of accidental scratching and damage. At the same time, AI enables the breeding industry to provide the largest scale of breeding, providing the most accurate data, to achieve the most efficient, most accurate calculations, the most time-saving and labor-saving. In February of this year, Special Drive Group and Alibaba Cloud reached a cooperation agreement to sign an AI agricultural strategic cooperation agreement. The two sides will conduct targeted training and research and development on the ET brain, and finally realize AI pig raising. AI pigs can help the farming group monitor the activity of each pig through smart sensors and data analysis techniques to record their health in real time. In intelligent pig farms, each pig has its own file from the date of birth. Video image analysis technology can record the pig's weight, eating situation, exercise intensity, frequency and trajectory. Artificial intelligence can also monitor the body temperature and cough sound of pigs through infrared temperature measurement technology and speech recognition technology. Once an abnormality occurs, the disease can be promptly notified. However, although AI plays an important role in leading the development of agriculture, the application of AI to agricultural technology is still at a basic stage.For the development of AI in crops, it is necessary to continue the technical guidance and the spread of relevant knowledge. 3. Medical care As early as 2016, the State Council issued the ¡°Guiding Opinions on Promoting and Regulating the Development of Big Data Applications for Health Care¡±, pointing out that health care big data is an important basic strategic resource of the country, and the development of health care big data applications will bring Profound changes in the health care model. In order to implement the national strategic deployment, under the leadership of the original Health Planning Commission, the three major health care big data groups led by state-owned capital, namely China Health Medical Big Data Industry Development Co., Ltd., China Health Medical Big Data Technology Development Group Corporation, China Health Care Big Data Co., Ltd. has been established. The ¡°1+7+X¡± health care big data plan, namely one national data center, seven regional data centers, and X application development centers are gradually taking shape. There are two main directions for the application of artificial intelligence in the field of medical diagnosis. One is to diagnose diseases through medical imaging based on computer vision. The other is to understand the symptoms of patients based on natural language processing, and then according to the contents of the disease database. Contrast and deep learning to diagnose disease. Some companies have begun experimenting with tailor-made treatment options for patients based on massive amounts of data and machine learning. Artificial intelligence will accelerate the transition from health care to medical prevention. A good understanding of how AI is applied to various medical scenarios will be important for future human well-being. At present, China's health care big data industry is developing rapidly, and industrial segmentation applications cover areas such as industry governance, clinical research, public health, benefit-based services, and industrial development. The academic community also has a large number of medical cooperation to promote the development of smart healthcare. For example, Tsinghua University has been exploring and establishing a cross-disciplinary collaborative innovation platform for a long time, and promoting the integration of disciplines through multiple channels. At the same time, it has introduced the concept of ¡°combination of medical workers and workers¡±, emphasizing persistence in project construction and centralized deployment to create important cross-platforms. In this context, in 2017, led by Academician Dong Jiahong, Tsinghua University Clinical Medical College, Software College, Data Science Research Institute, Cross Information Institute and Beijing Tsinghua Chang Gung Memorial Hospital and other school institutions jointly established the "medical research data platform" Starting from doctors' scientific research problems and needs, we will give full play to and integrate the advantages of science and engineering, form a new scientific research platform for joint medical and industrial cooperation, and serve the needs and cooperation scattered between doctors and teachers. Ideas, new technologies, new models, and even results. The aim is to promote scientific research and innovation in the deep integration of medical big data and artificial intelligence technology, and to serve the scientific research needs of health and medical big data in all departments of the school. In order to support the healthy development of the platform, the ¡°Medical Workers and Research Innovation Support Program¡± was also released at the same time in the conference. The program is dedicated to the cooperation between the teachers of engineering technology of Tsinghua University and the doctors of Beijing Tsinghua Chang Gung Memorial Hospital. Give early funding support. In addition to manufacturing, agriculture, and medical care, in recent years, China's artificial intelligence has given many scenes such as transportation, education, services, retail, and finance, and has achieved considerable results. For example, in the financial sector, in 2016, commercial banks fully deployed big data infrastructure. The five major state-owned banks, joint-stock companies, city commercial banks and rural commercial banks have gradually begun the process of transforming from traditional data warehouse architecture to big data platform architecture, based on big data wind. The control of the ¡°second loan¡± business has become more and more popular, which not only improves the efficiency of loans, but also expands the coverage of inclusive finance. In the field of telecommunications, China Telecom's big data platform has expanded to 31 provinces, and the national basic data has formed the ¡°Tianyi Big Data¡± service capability; China Unicom has also realized data integration, and the big data product system has launched credit reporting. Six major product categories such as index and marketing. Not long ago, the Chongqing Municipal Economic and Information Commission issued the "Top Ten Achievements of Deep Integration of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy in Chongqing in 2018". Its projects involve medical care, autonomous driving, drug trading, home care services, gas safety monitoring and community safety prevention and control. In other fields, it covers the three major directions of smart products, industrial applications and support systems, including Changan Auto Autopilot Key Technology Research and Industrialization Application, and Yun Cong Technology Integrated Biometric System. At present, these cases have been successfully verified in Chongqing, with a reproducible business or operation model, and have a strong promotion value. II. Artificial Intelligence Helps Social Governance On October 31, 2018, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. The study conference emphasized that it is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and social governance, develop artificial intelligence systems suitable for government services and decision-making, strengthen the integration of government information resources and accurate prediction of public demand, and promote the construction of smart cities. Promote the in-depth application of artificial intelligence in the field of public safety, strengthen the use of artificial intelligence in the ecological field, and use artificial intelligence to improve the level of public services and social governance. In China, the application of artificial intelligence in social governance is mainly divided into three stages: the technology-oriented 1.0 stage, that is, the government cooperates with related enterprises, provides basic public services to the public by means of artificial intelligence, and the public passes the artificial intelligence platform. Feedback to the government on the service, thereby achieving seamless and standardized service. The 2.0 stage of integrationism, that is, the artificial intelligence platform operated by the government and the enterprise, after accumulating a certain knowledge base, can actively provide personalized public services to the public, and the government as the main body of public service, through technology The way the company cooperates integrates technology with the public needs of the society to achieve a unified effect of governance. For example, in October 2016, the Hangzhou Municipal Government and Alibaba Cloud built the Hangzhou City Data Brain. The core of the urban brain is Alibaba Cloud ET artificial intelligence technology, which can perform global real-time analysis of the entire city, automatically allocate public resources, and correct problems in urban operation. With the help of the brain of Aliyun ET City, Hangzhou can be said to have been built as a sample of smart cities, and with the brain upgraded to version 2.0, Hangzhou has become smarter. After the 3.0-stage of value guidance, that is, artificial intelligence has reached a super-strong level, the government has explored a new path of effective combination of governance and technology. The government can exert the value guidance and accountability supervision role of governance through open governance. Intelligence chooses ¡°self-employment¡± in social governance and public services to achieve a high degree of autonomy. Since 2010, smart cities have quickly become a boom in the construction of cities in China. So far, the construction of smart cities has begun to enter the stage of landing, and some development concepts have begun to be gradually realized. For the first time, the party¡¯s 19th National Congress clearly put forward the concept of ¡°smart society¡±, which is based on the use of the Internet and big data to accelerate open sharing, promote resource integration, improve governance, and promote the evolution of lifestyles such as food, clothing, housing, and transportation. It is an upgrade requirement for the construction of a smart city. The concept of "smart society" indicates that the construction of smart cities in China has entered a new era and embodied the specific requirements of the people for a better life. III. Strengthening the training of talents and supporting basic theoretical research On October 31, 2018, Xi Jinping mentioned in his speech on the ninth collective study of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee: ¡°We must strengthen basic theoretical research and support scientists to brave artificial intelligence technology. At the forefront of the 'no-man's area, efforts to achieve revolutionary and disruptive breakthroughs in the direction of artificial intelligence development and theory, methods, tools, systems, etc., to ensure that China's theoretical research in this important field of artificial intelligence is ahead, key core technologies To occupy the commanding heights... We must strengthen the building of a talent team, build a multi-level high-level talent training platform with greater determination and more effective measures, strengthen the training of reserve talents, and provide more adequate talent support for science and technology and industrial development. Under the current shortage of talents in the artificial intelligence industry in China, the lack of major original scientific research results, and the top talents of artificial intelligence are far from meeting the demand, China has begun to invest in R&D expenses and R&D personnel scale, and to increase personnel training in basic disciplines. Especially in the field of algorithms and computing. In April 2018, the Ministry of Education issued the "Innovative Action Plan for Artificial Intelligence in Colleges and Universities", proposing to support the establishment of artificial intelligence disciplines in computer science and technology disciplines, perfecting the subject system of artificial intelligence, and promoting the construction of first-level disciplines in the field of artificial intelligence; The "Artificial Intelligence + X" composite professional training new model, to build 100 "Artificial Intelligence + X" composite specialty by 2020, and establish 50 artificial intelligence colleges, research institutes or cross research centers. Lei Chaozi, Director of the Department of Science and Technology of the Ministry of Education, introduced the layout of the Action Plan: In the first batch of 612 ¡°new engineering¡± research and practice projects identified in 2018, 57 human intelligence projects were constructed; as of 2017 In December, a total of 71 colleges and universities across the country set up 86 secondary disciplines or interdisciplinary subjects around the field of artificial intelligence. In order to further promote the construction of "artificial intelligence" disciplines, the Ministry of Education set up an expert group on artificial intelligence technology innovation consultation to provide advice and suggestions for the development of artificial intelligence in colleges and universities; to further demonstrate the connotation of artificial intelligence disciplines, promote the construction of first-level disciplines in the field of artificial intelligence, and propose as soon as possible The program to increase graduate student enrollment indicators in the field of artificial intelligence will expand the scale of personnel training in a scientific, rational, and orderly manner. In terms of the setting of disciplines in universities, encourage qualified universities to establish artificial intelligence colleges, artificial intelligence research institutes or artificial intelligence cross-research centers on the basis of full argumentation, and carry out high-level personnel training in various ways; encourage universities to compare national and regional industries. Need to arrange artificial intelligence related majors, establish related secondary disciplines or interdisciplinary subjects, and actively promote the model innovation of science and education integration, production and education integration and education. Tsinghua University, as the first university in the country to set up a big data research institution, established the Data Science Research Institute. In recent years, the Data Science Research Institute and the Graduate School jointly designed and implemented the training of big data talents based on big data capacity improvement projects. The system focuses on cultivating ¡°¦Ð¡± talents with big data thinking and application innovation. The project is equipped with a high-level team of in-house tutors, including more than 40 academicians, professors, and experts in the field of big data technology and applications from different departments of Tsinghua University to provide authoritative academic and technical guidance. At the same time, it also includes more than 20 industry experts from well-known enterprises and government departments in the field of big data at home and abroad, who provide rich industry and practical experience guidance for the training of big data talents. Different from the traditional teaching mode, the project is interspersed with practical courses, allowing students to access real data and solve practical needs. Students combine their own academic background and points of interest, cross-mixing teams, practice projects involving economic, financial, transportation, industry, law, medical, marketing, public management and other industries. With a solid academic foundation and real data experience, such data talents have naturally become the company's preferred choice. At the same time, the Ministry of Education supports universities to increase investment in related fields in the field of artificial intelligence in the construction of ¡°double first-class¡±; support universities to pass the basic research business fees of central universities, and strengthen top talents and excellent innovations in basic research and public welfare research. Stable support from the team. The above is a partial inventory and interpretation of General Secretary Xi¡¯s speech on the development of big data and artificial intelligence strategy. Although the development of artificial intelligence has become a new focus of international competition, General Secretary Xi¡¯s congratulatory letter to the 5th World Internet Conference also emphasized: "Although countries in the world have different national conditions, different stages of Internet development, and different practical challenges. However, the desire to promote the development of the digital economy is the same, the interests of the cybersecurity challenge are the same, and the need to strengthen cyberspace governance is the same. Countries should deepen pragmatic cooperation, take the goal of mutual progress and win-win, and embark on a road of mutual trust and co-governance. Let the cyberspace destiny community be more vibrant." Today, with global integration, we should abandon the Cold War mentality and power politics, jointly promote global digital development, and build a sustainable digital world in order to make the Internet development achievements better for the people of the world. Looking at a new generation of artificial intelligence: How does AI change the future? Not long ago, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. In his study, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that artificial intelligence is a strategic technology that leads this round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and has a strong ¡°head geese¡± effect. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is an important strategic strategy for us to win the initiative of global science and technology competition, and is an important strategic resource to promote China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading, and overall productivity jump. Why is artificial intelligence so important? How to carry out research and development and lay a solid foundation for the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence? How to strengthen the integration of artificial intelligence and industrial development, and provide new kinetic energy for high-quality development? How to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and guarantee and improve people's livelihood, and promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in people's daily work, study and life? Focusing on these issues, our reporter interviewed industry insiders and related experts. Today, we launched a series of reports on "Perspective A New Generation of Artificial Intelligence", so stay tuned. - If the editors say that the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology has extended human limbs and expanded human power, then a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand humanity. Intelligence, which greatly enhances the value that human intelligence can create. Artificial intelligence is now entering a period of explosive growth. China should seize the opportunity to speed up the layout of artificial intelligence, harvest artificial intelligence dividends, and strive to become the leader of artificial intelligence development. Alpha dogs beat the world's top Go masters, writing robots officially launched... In recent years, artificial intelligence technology has appeared frequently A hot new global technology darling. The development of artificial intelligence has been deployed in various countries around the world: In May 2016, the United States established the Sub-Committee on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, which is responsible for coordinating the research and development of artificial intelligence across departments; the Japanese government and the business community have made artificial intelligence a new One of the core technologies of the scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and established a relatively complete research and development promotion mechanism at the national level; in March 2017, the French Ministry of Economic Affairs and the Ministry of Education and Research released the "Artificial Intelligence Strategy", aiming to incorporate artificial intelligence. In the original innovation strategy and measures, plan for future development... For artificial intelligence, China also attaches great importance to it. In 2017, it released the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± and the ¡°Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Development of a New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Industry (2018-2020)¡±. Why is artificial intelligence so hot? How will it affect the future economic and social development? What does artificial intelligence mean for China? A strategic technology has a deeper drive and influence on all walks of life. With the development of the ¡°head geese¡± effect after more than 60 years of development, artificial intelligence has gone out of the laboratory and is profoundly changing the production and life of human beings. "In the past 10 years, under the help of algorithmic breakthroughs represented by deep learning and the perfect information environment represented by big data, artificial intelligence has entered the practical stage, which can solve many kinds of complicated problems more effectively than any other in history. The period is closer to the level of human intelligence, and even surpasses humans in some respects," said Huang Tiejun, director of the Department of Computer Science and Technology at Peking University. Since the middle of the 18th century, there have been three industrial revolutions, and now a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation is ushered in. If the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology extended the human body, it expanded the power of human beings. Then, a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand human intelligence and greatly enhance the value that human intelligence can create. "Artificial intelligence technology is a universal technology that can be applied in all fields of human society. It is expected that the level of intelligence will continue to increase in the future, and the driving and influence of various industries will be more profound. This is difficult to compare with other technologies." Say. Artificial intelligence can give machine understanding. Based on the traditional calculation method, the machine can only process the information according to the pre-written program. Once there is no preset situation, or need to combine a large number of context judgments, the machine can't do anything about it. Artificial intelligence can give the machine a "brain" of understanding, allowing the machine to interpret the "semantics" of words and data, and obtain the rules of judgment through self-learning. In October of this year, in the machine reading comprehension level test SQuAD1.1, the BERT model created by the Google artificial intelligence team completely surpassed humans in all two metrics, and advanced the ability of the machine to understand human language. . Artificial intelligence can give machine awareness. Prior to the application of artificial intelligence, all machines were not capable of sensing and had no communication skills. Artificial intelligence gives the machine visual, audible, and tactile sensations that enable it to sense the environment and communicate with humans. Artificial intelligence can give the machine the ability to move autonomously. The machine with autonomous movement ability can complete a variety of tasks such as sensory information processing, decision making, and commanding moving parts in a very short time, and complete the interaction with the environment. Currently, driverless cars are a hot spot for innovation in autonomous sports machines. Waymo has completed 12.87 million kilometers of road testing, and is not far from launching practical products; Baidu and FAW Red Flag are planning to launch L4-class self-driving cars in 2020. ¡°Artificial intelligence is a strategic technology with the effect of ¡°head geese¡± by ¡®emphasizing¡¯ the relevant traditional fields, enabling it to achieve major technological innovations and product upgrades,¡± said Tan Tieniu, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. An important strategic resource to promote industrial optimization and upgrading, and the overall productivity of the new generation of artificial intelligence technology has been continuously developed. It has been quickly recognized and accepted by the industry and applied to all walks of life, injecting new and powerful economic and social development. Motivation: In September 2016, the consulting company issued by Accenture pointed out that by applying artificial intelligence technology, by 2035, the annual economic growth rate of 12 developed countries such as the United States, Japan and Britain can be doubled on average; the research released by McKinsey in 2018 The report said that by 2030, the artificial economy will increase its economic scale by 13 trillion US dollars, and its contribution to global economic growth can be compared with other transformative technologies such as steam engines. Artificial intelligence can create a new ¡°virtual workforce¡± to more efficiently complete existing work. Currently in China, the ¡°virtual labor force¡± has begun to replace many single repetitive tasks. Financial institutions, operators, banks, e-commerce, etc. have begun to use virtual customer service to replace manual customer service. Artificial intelligence can increase the ability of existing labor and physical capital to automate on a larger scale. The type code of the microwave oven and the label on the side of the refrigerator are the most labor-intensive places in the production line. Now, Intel's artificial intelligence experts have invented an industrial vision inspection cloud to do this easily, and at a much faster rate than manual. Artificial intelligence can also promote innovation, improve existing products and services, and even create entirely new products and services. In the case of manufacturing, artificial intelligence captures and analyzes data from all aspects of the manufacturing process, thereby improving production operations and making control decisions in real time. In addition, the application of artificial intelligence in the fields of transportation and medical care has greatly improved the level of service precision, comprehensively improved the quality of life of the people, and made life more convenient. Taking drug development as an example, in 2015, Atomwise, a US Silicon Valley company, based on existing drug candidates, applied artificial intelligence algorithms and successfully found two candidate drugs that can control Ebola virus in less than one day. Artificial intelligence technology provides China with an opportunity to overtake a corner. As a manufacturing power, China's low-cost advantage has gradually disappeared in recent years, and the transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industry is imminent. "Using a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will be the key to seize the opportunity to accelerate development." Intel Jiyuan Dean Song Jiqiang said, "In this sense, artificial intelligence technology is indeed promoting China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading. An important strategic resource for the overall productivity jump. "An important strategy to grasp whether it can win the initiative of global science and technology competition, China has the ability to rank among the forefront of artificial intelligence development, the world's major developed countries have developed artificial intelligence as a national competitiveness To maintain a major national security strategy, step up active planning, strengthen deployment around core technologies, top talents, standards and standards, and strive to take the lead in the new round of international science and technology competition. In October 2016, the US National Science and Technology Commission continued to release Two important documents, "Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence" and "National Artificial Intelligence Research and Development Strategic Plan", have raised artificial intelligence to the national strategic position; in April 2018, the European Commission plans to be between 2018 and 2020. Investing $24 billion in artificial intelligence; 2018 In May, France released the "French Artificial Intelligence Strategy", which aims to make France a strong country of artificial intelligence; in June 2018, Japan's "Future Investment Strategy" focused on the application of Internet of Things and artificial intelligence; in July 2018, the German Federation The government passed the document entitled ¡°Federal Government Artificial Intelligence Development Strategy Essentials¡±, hoping to implement this outline document to raise the country¡¯s research and development and application of artificial intelligence to the global advanced level... every technological revolution in the past Industrial change will promote the development of the entire human society. However, the previous industrial revolutions originated in the West and were dominated by their innovation. Nowadays, we are welcoming a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation in the world. We must not miss this major historical opportunity. "If we can't have the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, we can't leap into the high-end of the global value chain in the future, and we can't have global influence." Liu Qingfeng, chairman of Keda Xunfei said. At present, in the field of artificial intelligence, China can basically keep pace with the development of the world's advanced countries, and it is fully capable of being among the forefront: First, China has emerged a group of competitive enterprises and research institutions with good development foundation; Second, a large population. The massive data generated by the base is the precondition for ¡°training¡± artificial intelligence systems; third, the wide industry distribution also provides a broad market for artificial intelligence applications. Experts pointed out that artificial intelligence is now entering the bonus period of explosive growth. China should seize the opportunity to accelerate the layout of artificial intelligence, harvest artificial intelligence dividends, and strive to become the leader in the development of artificial intelligence. Defiance Technology was approved as a national post-doctoral station level site to promote the deep integration of industry, academia and research. With the approval of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China and the National Postdoctoral Management Committee, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. officially established the first-level post-doctoral research station. At the awarding conference for the newly established postdoctoral research station held on December 3, the contempt was officially awarded and the representative of the new postdoctoral research station was spoken. The postdoctoral system is an important system for cultivating high-level innovative young talents in China. Reforming and improving the post-doctoral system, improving the quality of post-doctoral training, and promoting the scientific development of post-doctoral career are the meanings of the post-doctoral workstations. It is also a powerful driving force for the implementation of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on accelerating the construction of innovative national strategies. On behalf of the company, Fu Yingbo, on behalf of the company, delivered a speech at the conference: "Defiance of science and technology as a research and production-oriented enterprise, in the comprehensive cooperation with post-doctoral stations, and actively promote the depth of integration of industry, academia and research, has an unshirkable responsibility. "After that, Defiance Technology is contributing to China's "talent self-confidence"." Despise technology as a new post-doctoral research station representative at the conference. At present, defiance of technology has been intensively launched for postdoctoral workstations. At the same time, we welcome the national colleges and universities and related research institutes that have set up postdoctoral mobile stations to register. After despising technology, post-doctoral students will receive the following resources and benefits: participate in national key scientific research projects that despise science and technology, and have the opportunity to participate in global computer vision academic summits such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, broaden their horizons, enhance exchanges, and grasp technology and industry. The pulse is at the forefront. I started to despise the original technology and self-study and continue to maintain the industry-leading AI "tool", including deep participation in the development of the first deep-learning engine MegBrain for the first company in China and the one-stop cloud service platform Brain++. Defiance Technology has a lineup of research instructors represented by the chief scientist Sun Jian, a first-class team of global institutions of higher learning and technology, and a self-contained BootCamp internal training system. From input to output, you are not alone. In "fighting." Holding AI "tools", with defying technology, we are deeply cultivating many industries such as mobile phone, finance, security, logistics, retail, etc. We are deeply aware of the first-line technical application scenarios and needs, forming positive feedback for scientific research work and completing the closed loop of technology. Defiance Technology is an industry intelligence-driven industry IoT builder. In the past 7 years, Vision Technology has been steadily and steadily, step by step, and has become the ¡°China AI Unicorn¡±. As the only Chinese company to be listed as ¡°the 50 smartest companies in the world¡±, it has won the world¡¯s top ten breakthrough technology awards. He was invited to make a corporate report to Premier Li Keqiang, constantly gaining honor and constantly gaining recognition. In academics, contempt is also a great achievement. In 2018, more than 20 CV top papers were published. After ICCV COCO 2017 defeated Google and Microsoft won three world firsts to become the first Chinese company in the field, ECCV COCO 2018 ¿õAs a result of winning the pursuit of victory, it has won four championships in one fell swoop and constantly refreshed the new height of Chinese technology. In addition, there are many AI top events such as WIDER Face 2018 and CVPR AVA & WAD 2018. The above results are inseparable from the contempt for the importance and practice of the industry-university-research cooperation. Since its inception, contempt has established contacts with universities and research institutes, and has maintained in-depth cooperation. It has established joint laboratories with Xi'an Jiaotong University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Shanghai University of Science and Technology. It has established talent training with the College of Artificial Intelligence of Nanjing University. Base; cooperate with the research-oriented technical cooperation carried out by the Institute of Computing Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to achieve complementary advantages and accelerate the transformation of theoretical results into technological R&D and application innovation. After the establishment of the post-doctoral workstation level site, the contempt will be actively prepared from the process of process formulation, personnel selection, training assessment and other dimensions, continuously open up new boundaries of production, education and research, promote the deep integration of industry, education and research, and strengthen technical beliefs. Investing in research and development, deep drilling deep learning core technology, neural network automation design and large-scale image recognition detection algorithms. With the advantage of postdoctoral workstations, Defiance Technology will continue to write a new chapter in industry, academia and research, not only to achieve world-leading level in the above aspects, but also to change the research pattern of deep learning technology and become the backbone of the global artificial intelligence industry. To be the backbone of China's science and technology, despising technology is not a matter of doing things, but also shouldering the heavy responsibility. AI enters the security and security, the blue ocean remains to be tapped. At present, with the popularization of AI technology, traditional security can no longer meet people's needs, and people put forward higher requirements for security accuracy, extensiveness, efficiency and security. Since 2015, the security industry has begun to introduce AI technology on a large scale, and the term ¡°smart security¡± has been born. With the support of big data, cloud computing, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence and other technologies, smart security is being widely used. Smart policing, smart transportation, smart finance, smart medical and other fields. What is the current status of China's smart security industry? From the end of the 70s to the early 1980s, China's security industry began to sprout. After more than 30 years of development, China's security industry has experienced a start-up phase, a preliminary development phase, and a high-speed development phase. It is entering the mature stage. The scope of application has also evolved from the original special units and departments to various application fields. The security cameras that are visible at any time and the face recognition technology that has emerged in recent years are used in the security applications such as smart police and Xueliang engineering. Significant achievements in the rapid development of China's security industry. At present, China's smart security industry has undergone the development of the ¡°Twelfth Five-Year Plan¡±, basically forming a relatively complete security industry development system and industry management system, in physical protection, anti-theft alarm, video surveillance, explosion-proof security, entrance and exit control, biometric identification. The application level of professional technology fields such as anti-counterfeiting has been comprehensively improved. AI enters the security and security, and becomes the key point of enterprise layout in 2017. It is considered to be the first year of artificial intelligence (AI) development. Compared with other industries, the security industry is an industry that AI technology intervenes earlier, and AI+ security combines various kinds of Security products, technologies and solutions are gradually increasing, further catalyzing the upgrading of the smart security industry. At present, artificial intelligence cameras have been widely used in public security, transportation, education, finance, medical, retail and other fields. Application scenarios include biometrics, vehicle analysis, behavior analysis and image analysis. Taking vehicle analysis as an example, smart security can extract license plates, models, body colors, brands, whether the driver is wearing a seat belt, whether to make a phone call, whether to open a sun visor, the passage time of the car, the direction of travel, and the analysis of the driving trajectory. According to the ¡°Internet¡± Artificial Intelligence Three-Year Action Implementation Plan in 2016, it clearly proposes to implement the intelligent security promotion project, encourage security companies to cooperate with Internet companies, and develop integrated image and video recognition, biometric identification, code recognition, etc. Intelligent security products with multiple technologies promote intelligent, intensive and networked security products. Under the strong promotion of relevant policies, in the next five years, the field of artificial intelligence will be the focus of security enterprise layout, but with the deeper and more complex security application scenarios of AI, the upgrade of the algorithm layer is far from satisfactory. In the application of security combat technology, in order to realize the large-scale landing of AI in security, we must make concerted development of the six links of ¡°algorithm, computing power, data, products, engineering and solutions¡±. With the scale of the trillion-dollar market, the blue ocean has yet to be tapped. With the continuous development of China's ¡°smart city¡± and ¡°harmonious society¡±, the scale of China's security market continues to expand. According to the data of the Prospective Industry Research Institute's "2018-2023 China Security Industry Market Prospect and Investment Strategic Planning Analysis Report", the total output value of China's security industry reached 620 billion in 2017, a year-on-year growth rate of 14.8%, the highest increase since 2013. Speed, forward forecast It is expected that in 2018, the total output value of China's security industry will still have a relatively rapid growth. With the advent of the AI+IOT era, new technologies such as artificial intelligence are continually spawning new products and applications. Therefore, we can predict that the future of smart security will soon enter the trillion-dollar market. At present, the total income structure of China's security industry includes three aspects. First, security engineering, its output value is 378.2 billion yuan, accounting for 61% of the total market; second, security products, its output value is 1984 billion yuan. The proportion is 32%; the third is operation and maintenance and other, the output value is 43.4 billion yuan, accounting for 7%. The main sources of income in China's security industry are security engineering and security products. However, future operations and services will be the main source of market growth. As an important field in the process of building a smart city, smart security is driven by market demand. Many security companies are vigorously developing smart security products. The rapid development of the smart security industry also promotes the construction of smart cities. Create a smart transportation system to avoid information silos. Smart city construction breaks through the bottleneck of urban development and promotes the harmonious development of the city as the starting point and the foothold. The scope of the coverage covers all aspects of urban life, including various systems of urban operation management, such as transportation and security. , tourism, education, etc. When the target of the smart city is decomposed and landed, it is implemented as a relatively large subdivision of smart transportation, smart tourism, smart medical care, and wisdom education. The construction of smart cities is based on breaking through the bottlenecks of urban development and promoting the harmonious development of cities. The areas covered include all aspects of urban life, including various systems of urban operation and management, such as transportation, security, tourism, and education. When the target of the smart city is decomposed and landed, it is implemented as a relatively large subdivision of smart transportation, smart tourism, smart medical care, and wisdom education. Urban construction, traffic first, transportation is the artery of urban economic development, and intelligent transportation is an important part of smart city construction. Smart transportation can alleviate traffic congestion, improve urban traffic conditions, maximize the efficiency of urban traffic, and establish a new-generation integrated traffic operation coordination system that coordinates the coordinated operation of people, vehicles, roads and environment, and realize the overall operational efficiency of urban transportation systems. The construction tide plays a very important role. The status quo and characteristics of smart transportation in the construction of smart cities With the rapid improvement of China's urban economic level, the construction of transportation infrastructure is accelerating, the demand for urban transportation is increasing, the contradiction between transportation supply and demand is increasingly prominent, traffic congestion, traffic pollution, traffic accidents frequently occur. A series of problems such as parking difficulties have become a bottleneck restricting urban social and economic development, and have become the focus of current traffic management departments, and also the focus of urban smart transportation construction. At present, smart transportation applications are mainly reflected in the following aspects: building high-definition video surveillance systems to improve bayonet, electronic police, traffic guidance, signal control, traffic information analysis, traffic incident detection, mobile police, etc., to assist traffic management personnel Traffic command and dispatch, contain traffic violations, and maintain traffic order can assist public security personnel in conducting public security prevention and control, and criminal investigation. Construction of traffic ¡°flow, situation analysis, induction¡± system construction road traffic flow, traffic situation analysis system, traffic guidance release system. Through the traffic flow analysis and situation analysis system, the current urban road congestion situation is analyzed in real time, and the real-time status of the road is released through the induction release system. After understanding the road congestion situation, the public can reasonably choose the travel route to alleviate the serious local congestion. In conjunction with the traffic guidance release system, the abnormal situation of the road ahead of the vehicle can be reminded in real time and bypassed in advance. The construction of GPS monitoring system realizes the management of comprehensive information such as file management, location monitoring and real-time scheduling of two passengers and one dangerous vehicle, effectively curbing the problems of vehicle overspeed, detour driving, slow emergency response, etc., and fully realizes the dynamic information of vehicle comprehensive information. Management, further improve the vehicle's dynamic monitoring and emergency command and dispatch capabilities, improve vehicle management and management efficiency, and provide guarantee for safe driving and scientific management of vehicles. The construction of the bus supervision system effectively solves the public security monitoring in the bus, monitors the passengers' evasion and the passengers stealing the ticket. When a vehicle has a traffic accident such as a scraping or collision in the course of operation, it assists in identifying the responsibility of the accident afterwards, and gets rid of the backward situation of the ¡°invisible, inaudible¡± operation of the bus. The construction city parking induction management system will carry out orderly management of roadside parking resources and non-roadside parking resources through intelligent and networked technologies, improve the convenience of drivers, standardize the charging process, and simplify the work of toll collectors. Through the roadside parking space induction screen or mobile APP, the driver can provide real-time information such as parking lot location, remaining parking space and induction route to guide the driver to stop, reduce the time consumption of the driver to find the parking lot and the parking space, and reduce the vehicle driving. Exhaust emissions, road congestion, noise and other pollution make parking no longer difficult. Building a car networking system Internet companies frequently operate in the unmanned field, using their own technology, data precipitation, capital advantages and mature Internet thinking, constantly launching car networking products and solutions to seize the market and play a role in the development of the smart transportation industry. Important role. The Difficulties and Bottlenecks of Smart Transportation in the Construction of Smart Cities The lack of top-level design of smart transportation At present, China's urban smart transportation generally lacks top-level design, and it is urgent to establish a systematic and comprehensive intelligent transportation framework system. Based on scientific methodology, from the perspective of urban transportation Strategic planning and overall design of smart transportation, guiding the design, construction and operation management of urban intelligent transportation system from top to bottom and from near to far. The degree of information sharing between departments is low. The number of transportation related departments and subordinate units is large. Most of the information systems are developed by different software companies in different periods. The system runs independently and cannot be interconnected. There is information island phenomenon, resulting in fragmentation of traffic data. Distribution, low information utilization and poor integration, lack of effective information communication and sharing among departments. Massive traffic data is difficult to fully utilize. Because the information systems of different departments are independent of each other, the data standards and formats are different, and the massive data existing in each business system cannot be shared and used, resulting in limited ability to sense and collect traffic information. The value has not been effectively tapped, and the data has not played its due value. In the functions of traffic monitoring, travel services, traffic command, emergency response, etc., the role of intelligent decision support for advance prediction, event management and post-event evaluation cannot be fully utilized. While doing its own industry, smart transportation needs to extend horizontally, and cooperate with various industries in smart cities such as smart medical care, smart security, smart environmental protection, etc. to avoid information islands or redundant construction. Smart transportation service Smart medical treatment, such as a traffic accident in a certain place, requires the rescue of medical personnel, where to dispatch an ambulance, which route is the most smooth, requires the transportation department to cooperate with the best solution, and the transportation department is planning the road network. The design and layout of the emergency lane should also be done. Smart weather service intelligent traffic, smart traffic to obtain weather information, provide reasonable travel route planning for the public according to weather conditions, and publish traffic guidance information such as strong wind, dense fog and other warning signs and simple graphics through the guidance screen, so that drivers can understand in advance Road conditions, avoid traffic jams, and reduce traffic accidents. Conclusion The intelligent transportation system is based on the premise of innovative transformation of the smart city management system and operational mechanism, and creates a new model, new system and new normal of smart city transportation. Smart transportation provides comprehensive travel information for the public, provides support for decision-making support for transportation industry management, and makes people, vehicles and roads work closely to achieve harmony and unity, and improve the livability of the city. It is the basic project for the construction of smart cities. Despising Science and Technology Yinqi: Passing the fire of innovation, 50 years of health work for Zhongguancun On the evening of December 8, ¡°To pay tribute to the new era, paying tribute to the innovators¡± Zhongguancun Innovation Night was held in Huaxi LIVE Wukesong¡¤M Space. Yin Qi, founder and CEO of Beijing Desire Technology Co., Ltd., was invited to attend the event and delivered the ¡°Fire of Innovation¡± as a representative of the new generation of Zhongguancun. He was honored with the honorary chairman of Lenovo Group Co., Ltd. Liu Chuanzhi and the chairman of Xiaomi Company Lei Jun. Outstanding entrepreneurs, look back on the legendary history of 40 years and talk about the spirit of Zhongguancun. As a major event to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up of Haidian District and the 40th anniversary of the innovation and development of Zhongguancun, the atmosphere of ¡°innovation¡± at the Zhongguancun Innovation Night event was very strong. While passing through the 40-year time corridor of Zhongguancun, the guests relived the time of Zhongguancun¡¯s hard struggle and enthusiasm for 40 years. The time corridor not only shows the great history of Zhongguancun¡¯s dream-seeking innovation, but also through face recognition and virtual photography. The technology of multi-touch screen and other guests made the guests feel the full sense of science and technology in Haidian and Zhongguancun. Among them, Despise Technology provided mature "face signing" support for the guests with mature face recognition technology. Innovative night, the whole event is divided into five chapters: order, entrepreneurship, mission, creation, struggle, innovation, dream, and conclusion. Among them, the "Preface" has shown the major stages, major events and outstanding figures of Zhongguancun's 40-year development process in the form of a timeline through the short film "40 Years of Dream Creation", showing great changes and fruitful results in 40 years; The mission begins with a short film "From 0 to 1", starting with Chen Chunxian's founding of the first private technology company in Zhongguancun, to the rise of Lenovo, focusing on Zhongguancun at the beginning of reform and opening up, telling the story of Zhongguancun's first generation of innovators; ¡°Creation¡¤Struggle¡± begins with the short film ¡°The Light of the New Century¡±. Zhongguancun¡¯s Mesozoic entrepreneurs Lei Jun, Wang Wenjing and Guo Wei are on the stage to tell the entrepreneurial process of the Mesozoic entrepreneurs represented by the Internet industry. The chapter ¡°Innovation¡¤Dream¡± begins with a short video ¡°New Era, New Mission, New Era¡±, which tells the story of the new generation of companies in the context of double-generation in the past 10 years, and the dreams of modern Zhongguancun innovators. It is in this context that contempt technology has been established and grown. In the 7th year of its founding, Despise Technology has grown into a nationwide artificial intelligence unicorn, all of which stems from the dream of ¡°changing the world¡±. ¡ø Vision Technology Founder and CEO Inch Technology "Developing technology with a new generation of artificial intelligence algorithms as the core, combined with advanced IoT sensors, is committed to creating digital upgrades in urban management, intelligent manufacturing and logistics retail." As the founder and CEO of Technology, Yin Qi, in the interview section of Zhongguancun Innovation Night, expressed his own corporate dreams and personal goals in one sentence: "I have a big dream to make contempt to be created by Chinese people. The world's top artificial intelligence company, the small goal is to adhere to the spirit of Tsinghua University for 50 years of health work in the motherland, 50 years of health work for Zhongguancun!" In the subsequent on-site connection, the audience enjoyed the Zhongguancun Street and Zhongguancun No.1 The light show presents a fascinating street view. In order to continue the innovative spirit of Zhongguancun, the torch relaying the spirit of innovation was passed to a new generation of entrepreneurs through the ¡°Fire of Innovation¡± ceremony. In India, as one of the young entrepreneurs of Zhongguancun, Shangqi accepted the entrepreneurs of the older generation. Passing the torch. ¡øZhongguancun's innovative spirit and fire-fighting activities Finally, the Haidian District Party Committee's four-team team represented the leaders of the Haidian and Zhongguancun and contributed to the innovation and development of each of the leaders, entrepreneurs, scientists and entrepreneurs. They expressed their highest respect and sincere gratitude. He said that reviewing the history of Haidian's innovation and development is the history of Haidian people's continued struggle, the history of Haidian's national mission, and the history of Haidian's constant pursuit of dreams and innovation. Haidian District, as the birthplace and core area of ??Zhongguancun, took the initiative to advance the pilot and actively assumed the responsibility of the national science and technology system reform experimental field and the pioneer of national science and technology innovation. ¡ø Haidian District Party Secretary Yu Jun made a summary speech for 40 years. In the history of innovation, the younger generation of Zhongguancun people struggled to fight, and the younger generation is striding forward along the footsteps. In the new era, we will embark on a new journey with our new mission. As a leading technology enterprise in Zhongguancun, Defiance Technology will continue to burn the ¡°fire of innovation¡±, strengthen its technical beliefs, and continue to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology.How artificial intelligence will improve the Internet of Things From smart TVs and smart refrigerators to smartphones and smart voice devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) is fast becoming part of our daily lives. These devices collect large amounts of data every day, and the company is hoarding the data and hopes that the prediction algorithm will gain some insight. So, how does artificial intelligence improve the Internet of Things? Artificial intelligence benefits from science fiction and movies, and artificial intelligence (AI) is notorious. When most people think of artificial intelligence, the HAL9000 in the 2001: Space Roaming or Skynet in the Terminator series will emerge in their minds. Really sensible artificial intelligence can pose a threat without proper regulation. In addition, machine learning algorithms are the basis of artificial intelligence. The idea behind machine learning is to create computers that can be learned without programming. It's already used on a small scale¡ªfor example, your web TV show recommendation is the basic form of machine learning, which analyzes the shows and movies you watch and uses that data to give you new options. Integrating artificial intelligence into IoT machine learning has taken the first step in the IoT world. Autonomous vehicles are one of the largest IoT devices, and even cars that offer only some autopilot functions, such as Tesla, rely heavily on machine learning. You can program autonomous vehicles to understand the basic rules of the road and how to deal with the most common obstacles you may encounter. However, when you introduce other drivers into the mix, it is not possible to program every possible variable. This is why machine learning is so important in the Internet of Things. Just out of the production line, Tesla will get all the information that Tesla is currently collecting, and then learn all the new variables encountered and share it with all connected cars, which makes the autopilot mode for all Tes It is safer to pull the driver. The Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Big Data is an industry term that applies to any large data collection. It can be medical data collected by doctors and hospitals, as well as usage data for IoT devices and any data between them. However, much of the data collected is often useless, but industry leaders can use information such as usage and buying habits to predict sales trends and other changes in the market. The prediction algorithms currently in use are useful to allow computers to make predictions, but they are limited by processing power and learning ability. Traditional computers can process thousands of bytes of data. On the other hand, computers powered by artificial intelligence can also process the data and discover trends, and then follow these trends to draw conclusions. Machine learning is not the perfect solution. Microsoft used the basic version of the program on Twitter accounts. In less than 24 hours, the Twitter troll turned the AI ??chat bot into a racist and sent unpleasant information to everyone. For the growing IoT industry, an appropriately regulated artificial intelligence system may be a valuable tool that has the potential to transform and shape every industry by predicting market changes. Imagine running a company that produces wearables that predicts the best-selling device types in the next quarter. This can make more money on sales and save money by reducing the production of slow-moving goods. The combination of the Internet of Things and artificial intelligence can reduce or eliminate excess commodity inventory. As long as the system is properly regulated, machine learning can shape the way we look at the world and has changed the way we use IoT devices. AI developers show their decent strength to drive Chinese AI technology to the world. For many years, China has been paying attention to China's performance in AI soft power. Is there any possibility for Chinese developers to have a detour? Regardless of how others look at it, at least from the current competition data of various countries, China¡¯s performance in AI soft power is indeed good. Although it is not very advanced, it has leap forward with an unstoppable trend. Chinese developers Strength should not be underestimated. The number of Chinese AI patent applications ranked first in the world According to an authoritative report in the industry, the number of AI patent applications in China has reached the top in the world. Among the subjects of patent applications, most of China is led by artificial intelligence companies such as Baidu. Although comparing some of the artificial intelligence technology companies in the United States, Chinese developers are still in short supply in the depth of their research on the number of finished products, but it is commendable that Chinese companies are obviously more explosive, which also benefits from The spirit of artificial intelligence developers who are brave in innovation and adventure, like the current state of artificial intelligence technology in China, can present a more vigorous development. It is worth mentioning that in the relevant paper applications related to the AI ??field, the proportion of Chinese developers in the world is also very high, and only the data in 2017 has reached 27.68%, which has already The country is far behind, fully demonstrating the capabilities of Chinese artificial intelligence developers, they have a more forward-looking thinking, and have more control over the development of AI technology. In addition, among the world's top academic conferences, Chinese developers' AI papers have been introduced in many times and can be compared with the United States. Above the citation point of AI academic papers, the works of Chinese developers are also recognized by more users around the world. Chinese developers have strong AI technology in the global AI competition field can change a country's economy, but also can change a country's global influence. Currently, in the global AI competition field, China is in a relatively medium-sized position. The image of the future has also made more people change their Chinese developers. It is reported that China's AI technical team has repeatedly achieved good results in the global AI competition, and has harvested a wealth of achievements, fully demonstrating the capabilities of Chinese developers, showing China's AI soft power competition level. Uncommon. Of course, although China's AI strength has a very good development in the new era, it must not be proud. After all, China's AI road is still very long, and in this process, developers from all sides need to do their best. Strive for a more rapid road to AI that is suitable for China's own development. Year-end interpretation, three hot areas of smart city Smart city uses information and communication technology to sense, analyze and integrate key information of the core system of urban operation, including people's livelihood, environmental protection, public safety, urban services, industrial and commercial activities. A variety of needs to make intelligent responses. This includes the ¡°urban brain¡± and the synergy of every ¡°cell¡± in a smart city. From the construction content, it can be divided into infrastructure construction, information application, and intelligent construction of various industries; from the different objects, it can be divided into three major contents: smart government, smart industry, and wisdom and people's livelihood. Near the end of 2018, we will analyze the three sections of ¡°Traffic, Medical, and Community¡±, which are more popular in smart cities. Smart transportation: travel just needs cross-border integration to become the trend of the world. Intelligent traffic is based on the traffic intelligent dispatching system. It integrates IT technologies such as Internet of Things, cloud computing, big data and mobile internet, and provides real-time information information collection and processing. Traffic data service. Through the data integration of the major system models, it provides solutions to the rice, optimizes the analysis of the urban road network, and provides support for urban planning decisions. In addition to cross-border giants, many innovative companies are also emerging. New travel service providers, data service providers, and integrated transportation service providers are constantly exploring business opportunities in the context of smart transportation industry. At present, the intelligent transportation field is active in companies such as Alibaba, Tencent, Baidu, Jingdong, Huawei, Ping An Technology, Didi, Gaode, and Chihiro. The intelligent transportation system consists of five major components: traffic information service and management system, public transportation system, vehicle control system, electronic toll collection system, and emergency rescue system. Traffic information service and management system. The information service system can provide road traffic information, public transportation information, transfer mode and time, traffic weather information, parking lot information, and other information related to travel to traffic participants in real time. The advanced traffic management system is mainly used by traffic managers. The monitoring, communication and control technologies are used to transmit the traffic conditions obtained by traffic monitoring to the traffic control center via the communication network. The center combines the information obtained by other parties to formulate and evaluate. The traffic control strategy implements holistic traffic management to achieve the objectives of maximizing transportation efficiency and transportation safety, and emphasizes the functions of coordination and real-time control between systems. public transport system. In order to improve the efficiency of public transportation, the intelligent information network is used to optimize the traffic flow on the road and ensure traffic safety. This includes releasing real-time operational information of vehicles to the public to improve service levels, improve operational efficiency, and enhance the attractiveness of public transportation. Vehicle control system. Combined with sensors, computers, communication and automatic control technology applied to vehicles and road facilities, there are two levels: one is the vehicle-assisted safe driving system, and the other is the automatic driving system. The main feature is the use of sensors to assist the human sensory function, reduce the occurrence of danger, improve the degree of automatic control, and implement safer, more accurate and reliable control. Electronic toll collection system. Using advanced electronic information technology to enable vehicles to pass through the toll booth at a higher speed, all information of the vehicle, including the technical parameters of the vehicle itself, the owner and work unit, tax status and bank account number, are all stored in the electronic card. When the vehicle passes through the toll booth, the in-vehicle communicator and the antenna of the toll booth perform two-way wireless communication, and the toll booth automatically withdraws the toll through the bank account of the owner. Emergency rescue system. When a road accident occurs, the system is responsible for quickly handling accidents, timely treating the wounded, and rationally diverting traffic. Including vehicle failure and accident assistance, accident rescue dispatch, and priority traffic for rescue vehicles, the accident can be released in the shortest time to minimize damage. Traveling has become a need for mass life, and the intelligent transportation industry ecosystem has been integrated across borders to provide more sophisticated, accurate, complete and intelligent services for the masses. This will also become an important goal for the intelligent transportation system to serve the public. The future development of smart transportation and automobile manufacturing, automobile service industry, transportation operation service, information service and other industries has become the trend of the times. Smart Health: Subverting the Traditional Model Opening a new chapter in medical treatment As an important part of the urbanization process, the community telemedicine care system can effectively save social resources and serve the public effectively in today's ¡°urban disease¡±. The establishment of the electronic health record system and the medical public service platform can solve the current contradiction between doctors and patients who are ¡°difficult to see a doctor and expensive to see a doctor¡±. Through the efficient use of information technology, creating a platform system and reducing the waiting time for patients, smart medical care has become an important measure to promote Huimin medical treatment, providing patients with fair, safe, convenient and high-quality medical services. The Smart Health System consists of three parts: the Smart Hospital System, the Regional Health System, and the Family Health System. Smart hospital system. The system mainly provides the collection, storage, processing, extraction and data exchange of patient medical information and administrative management information. The services that can be provided include remote visit, remote consultation, automatic alarm, clinical decision system, smart prescription and so on. Regional health system. It includes two parts: regional health platform and public health system. The former is mainly to collect, process, and transmit all the information recorded by the community, hospitals, medical research institutions, and health supervision departments. It can provide basic treatment for general diseases, community care for chronic diseases, referral for major illnesses, receiving and receiving referrals, scientific research management, etc. service. The latter mainly provides public health services such as epidemic surveillance. Family health system. Close to the public health protection, including telemedicine that can't be sent to hospitals for mobility problems, remote care for chronic diseases and old and young patients, health monitoring for special people such as mental retardation, disability, infectious diseases, etc. Smart medication system for medication time, contraindications, and residual medication. Through the Internet of Things, smart cities can realize the possibility of connecting everything, and people, buildings, transportation, and the environment will be integrated into the entire data network to improve urban services. At the same time, this connectivity can in turn help improve the health of residents. Driven by new medical models such as mobile medical, smart medical care and telemedicine, the global smart medical market is in a steady development stage. In 2015, the market sales were approximately US$251.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of 11.50%. Smart Community: Scene Change for Community Value Empowerment In today's society where information technology is developing at a high speed, community residents are increasingly demanding community services, and it is urgent to use modern information, digital, and networked means to change the management of grassroots tradition. The service model meets the diverse social service needs of the residents, and the smart community becomes the cornerstone of the development of smart cities. The smart community is a new concept of community management under the concept of smart city, and it is a new mode of social management innovation under the new situation. By making full use of next-generation information technologies such as the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and mobile Internet, we will realize more powerful functions and diversified value-added services, and provide users with a smart life of all things connected. The smart community service system can be divided into two parts from the most basic convenience: the basic hardware environment and software environment, which can be divided into building intercom system, face system, community management system and so on. Building intercom system. As an important information device for the community and the family, the smart community closely links users, families, properties, communities and business districts. Users can easily use the diverse services provided by the community and the business district through applications such as digital terminals and APPs. The building intercom system is an important part of the complex system of the smart community, and it is also an outstanding embodiment of the soft and hard combination of the smart community. The building intercom system is an indispensable system for new homes and carries important responsibility for safeguarding family and community safety. Due to the deep stay in the home, the system starts up 24 hours, occupying the main position of the living room, occupying the entrance and exit of the community and the family, and possessing certain user stickiness. It has a natural advantage in carrying the intelligent community and the application of the smart city. Relying on the development of digital technology, improving the performance of information collection, transmission, processing and display, enhancing security and anti-interference ability. From a technical point of view, video intercom digitalization can well solve two main networking problems that are difficult to solve in analog systems: long-distance audio and video transmission problems and networked multi-channel problems, and can be used as digital visual terminals. Node, realize integration with home alarm, home lighting system, home appliance control system. Digital building intercom has fundamentally changed the bottleneck of the intercom system, making it possible to combine smart communities with building intercommunication, bringing new industrial opportunities to the smart community industry, and further integrating the intercom and smart community systems. The value-added space of the intercom system is improved, and the cost performance of the system is also improved, so that the promotion and application of the new system is more extensive. Face system. The system features stranger recognition, blacklist alarms, gender identification, age recognition, static retrieval and dynamic retrieval, as well as powerful statistical analysis of data. So, what can face recognition technology do for building a smart community? The face recognition access control system is mainly equipped with an ID card identification area and a face recognition area. The community residents need to register the face information first. After the registration is completed, the community camera will capture the data and send the data to the background for facial features. After the extraction, the comparison is successful, after the identity is confirmed, the community door will automatically open, liberating the hands of the household. In addition, the face recognition system also includes a face recognition visitor system, a face recognition video distribution control system, and the like. Community management system. In smart cities, taking the smallest unit community in the city as an example, through non-matching face recognition, the property management department can help the owners to be more friendly in terms of visitor management, property notification (water and electricity fee notification, garage information, etc.). Natural life experience. The rise of intelligence has ushered in an important opportunity for the construction of a smart community. In the future, the smart community will move towards network coverage, system integration, equipment intelligence, and design ecology. By advancing the construction of a smart community, the ultimate goal of building a smart city is despised. The Hangzhou company is unveiled to help build smart cities. This morning, the ¡°Artificial Intelligence Industry Application Forum and the launching ceremony of the Vision Technology in Hangzhou¡± jointly organized by the Hangzhou Future Technology City Management Committee and Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. was held in the Future Science and Technology City. Liu Weihua, deputy head of the Yuhang District People's Government of Hangzhou, attended the forum and delivered a speech. Li Jie, Director of Investment Promotion Bureau of Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City Management Committee, Liang Chunlei, Director of Zhejiang Second Prison, Yang Shengyou, Deputy Prisoner of Zhejiang Second Prison, Mao Jian, Director of Information Center of Hangzhou Transportation Bureau, President of Defiance Technology Fu Yingbo and other leaders and guests attended the event. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vision Technology, Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. will serve as the defensive security and intelligent hardware headquarters, relying on the strong research and development strength of the Group, and carry out innovative research and development of security application technology and intelligent hardware related to the Internet of Things. Research and development. Liu Weihua said that ignoring technology to choose to build intelligent security business headquarters and intelligent hardware headquarters in Yuhang District is an recognition of Yuhang District's business environment and development environment. ¡°Hangzhou, as the city of mobile Internet, has the top three enterprises in the domestic security industry, and has unique advantages in developing intelligent security. It is the first unicorn enterprise to apply AI technology to the traditional security industry. Settling in Hangzhou will help to improve the overall level of artificial intelligence industry development in Hangzhou and the status of the National Science and Technology Innovation Center. According to the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" data, as of June 2018, among the 20 cities with the largest number of artificial intelligence companies in the world, Hangzhou and Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen have joined the list of the top 20 cities in the world. As a highland of economic information in Zhejiang Province, Yuhang District plays an important strategic role in the development of digital economy in Hangzhou and even in Zhejiang Province. Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City, which was launched last year, is known as the ¡°Shanshan Silicon Valley¡±. It attracts many Internet giants with its unique location advantages such as perfect preferential policies, rich artificial intelligence resources, diverse industrial clusters and high-level talents. The project landed. Among them, the artificial intelligence town gathered the Zhijiang Laboratory, Zhejiang University-Alibaba Frontier Technology Joint Research Center, Beihang VR/AR Innovation Research Institute, Zhejiang Intelligent Medical Equipment Manufacturing Innovation Center, Baidu (Hangzhou) Innovation Center, etc. Platforms and innovative projects are stationed. This time, the defiance of technology choices settled in Yuhang, it is the location advantage of Yuhang. Fu Yingbo, president of Defiance Technology, said that he despised the connection between Ali and Hangzhou. In the place where Alibaba¡¯s dream began and set sail, he despised the hope of becoming the new ¡°Alibaba¡± in the field of artificial intelligence in the next 5-10 years. At the forum, Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Second Prison and Hangzhou Yuhang Security Service Co., Ltd. to carry out in-depth cooperation on the application of artificial intelligence in related industries. According to the plan, in the next three years, Defiance Technology will set up a business R&D team of over 100 people in Hangzhou, and gradually increase its investment in Hangzhou depending on the development. Through a series of layouts, Defiance will provide the core driving force of artificial intelligence for the digital upgrade of Hangzhou and other cities with its strong technical strength and perfect localization ability. For the still young Hangzhou company, Fu Yingbo issued a message of ¡°going into narrow doors, walking far, seeing shimmer¡±. He concluded that all winners or strong players must have enough courage to choose to enter the narrow door. "Narrow doors have a future than wide doors." In the process of traveling, it is necessary to take a long way, not to be close to the road. "And with confidence, gradually see the shimmer." In the next ¡°Artificial Intelligence Industry Application¡± theme sharing session, Liu Daolin, co-founder and CEO of Wuhan Huilian Unlimited Technology Co., Ltd.; CEO Xiebian of Chengdu Xiwei Technology Co., Ltd.; partner of Hangzhou Green Bay Network Technology Co., Ltd. Vice President Feng Haili; Vice President of Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd., Chen Zhenhua, General Manager of Mobile Phone and Intelligent Terminal Business Unit; Liu Jianjun, General Manager of Strategic Business of Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd.; Wu Yu, Senior Director of Solutions, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. The artificial intelligence technology brought about changes in related industries in various scenarios of artificial intelligence industry application. Especially in the field of artificial intelligence to help the public security combat, intelligent manufacturing, vehicle management and driving behavior control, smart community, etc., the guests participated in the professional sharing. The industry leaders and experts who participated in the event, the enterprises in the artificial intelligence industry chain, and the entrepreneur representatives of the ¡°Artificial Intelligence Town¡± made the venue full of people, fully aware that the application of artificial intelligence is not only the future, but also the present tense. The participating guests showed great interest in how to use artificial intelligence technology to promote their business development. I believe that the future will be able to collide more in the deep understanding and exchange, and promote more extensive cooperation. After 8 years of development, Vision has become the world's leading machine vision artificial intelligence enterprise, creating an "AI+loT" strategic layout, with its world-leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID. It can provide customized AI products for urban security, and combine the technology of artificial intelligence machine vision with the innovation needs of public security and justice. With this activity, Yuhang District once again highlighted the determination and development of the artificial intelligence industry in Yuhang District. The defiance of the stationed as a new leading enterprise in the ¡°artificial intelligence town¡±, making Yuhang District more developed in the artificial intelligence industry. Impact and appeal.Analysis: In what areas is the face recognition technology market? In simple terms, face recognition technology is a mathematical formula for calculating the different position distances of facial organs. For the input face image or video stream, first determine whether it exists, and if so, further give each The position and size of the face and the position information of each major facial organ, and based on this information, further extract the identity features contained in each face and compare it with the known face database to realize the identity recognition function. . Face recognition technology has experienced the three-layer evolution process of visible light image face recognition, three-dimensional image face recognition/thermal image face recognition, and multi-light source face recognition based on active near-infrared image, which gradually mitigates and solves environmental changes such as light. For the influence of face recognition and the continuous and precise evolution of algorithms, face recognition technology has gradually entered more and more new application fields. The application of face recognition in the financial/social security field in the financial industry is reflected in the emergence of face payment technology. On March 17, at the opening ceremony of the Hanover Electronics Fair in Germany, Ma Yun bought a 20 Euro Hanover Electronics Exhibition commemorative stamp on his website in front of Chinese Vice Premier Ma Kai and German Chancellor Merkel. Then, he paid the bill with his face and personally displayed Alipay's face recognition technology "SmiletoPay", and the face payment was kicked off. In May 2015, the ¡°Guiding Opinions on the Opening of RMB Bank Accounts by Banking Financial Institutions (Draft for Comment)¡± and the Internet Finance Upstart MicroBank and Zhejiang Online Merchant Bank revealed that they will use face recognition into remote account opening as a technology. Based on the "remote face recognition + identity verification" mode to open accounts for financial clients. This means that biometrics, represented by face recognition, is about to enter the formal commercial stage in the banking industry. Instantly, this kind of high-opening account has become a "sweet", and "eat by face" has become popular overnight. The integration of face recognition and the financial industry has been further strengthened. On the other hand, face recognition is a escort for payment security. In recent years, due to the lack of a unified information sharing platform, that is, modern supervision means, the phenomenon of identity card fraud has been repeatedly banned, leading to social security, bank cards being stolen and stolen, and many people suffer huge economic losses. In order to prevent the ¡°cold plugging¡± of pensions, many sites have adopted automatic identification for preliminary screening. The pilot work has achieved significant results and plans to carry out equipment upgrades nationwide. The development of the economy in the safe city/community sector has resulted in a large gap in the development of urban and rural economic levels. A large number of rural populations have flooded into cities, resulting in dense urban population and greatly improved liquidity, which has led to a series of security problems such as urban transportation and public security. In recent years, the social crime rate has been increasing year by year, especially cybercrime is more serious, network fugitives frequently occur, criminals' criminal methods are more concealed and advanced, and it is more difficult for public security personnel to detect cases. At the same time, vicious incidents occur from time to time, making people's sense of security in public places generally lower. In some complex situations, such as airports, ports, stations, entertainment venues, streets, etc., the flow of personnel is frequent, and criminals are often mixed, which is the key monitoring area of ??the safe city. In addition, due to the large number of people entering and exiting large-scale communities/schools, security personnel cannot identify and check the entry personnel due to negligence and fatigue. The cameras installed at the entrances and exits cannot be intelligently checked and cannot be alerted. There are many uncertainties. And security risks. Based on core cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition and intelligent video analysis, for the security management of long-distance passenger stations, railway stations and other public places and important entrances and exits, other objects can be distinguished from the video screen according to the characteristics of the face, and the video of the face can be found. Store and provide intelligent retrieval for future. As long as it is the face that appears in the surveillance camera screen, through the comparison method, the person can be found in the vast sea of ??people in a short time, providing a great weapon for the police to find someone, hunt down, etc., and become a crime against illegal activities. An important technology for a safe city. In the field of education, the national crime of child trafficking is relatively rampant, with tens of thousands of victims and affected families. In order to minimize the risk of children being taken away by lawless elements during kindergarten school, the application of face recognition technology, parents brush their faces to pick up children, can curb the risk of trafficking from the source. Secondly, in recent years, the state has formulated relevant examination policies and hopes to select and use talents in an open, fair and just manner. However, from the entrance examinations such as the senior high school entrance examination and the college entrance examination, to the qualifications for practicing, promotion and promotion, etc., the test ** phenomenon has appeared to varying degrees, and the patterns and techniques are unprecedentedly advanced and complicated, especially the high-tech equipment is put into the exam for cheating. The means is to increase the difficulty of the relevant agencies. In order to strengthen the certification management of the examination room, the face recognition self-certification is used to prevent the occurrence of the "hard **" phenomenon in the examination room. By automatically reading the information in the document locally and automatically detecting and capturing the face of the candidate, the photo features in the document and the real-time face feature are compared and identified to identify whether the candidate and the certificate are in the same identity. Automatically and quickly assist the invigilator to complete the inspection. Nowadays, the phenomenon of ¡°replacement¡±, ¡°dismissal¡± and ¡°discipline¡± in colleges and universities has been commonplace, and even a complete industrial chain has been formed. The reason for ¡°study¡± is due to the loopholes in the traditional way of naming. Face recognition is based on the person's facial feature information for identity authentication. As long as the information is collected into the face attendance machine, each time a class is taken with one's own face, the attendance record can be fully realized, and it can be recognized in one second. And it won't be affected by light, so don't worry about discerning mistakes. ¡°Hand in Hand¡± IoT Wisdom Security Upgrade and Acceleration In the previous International Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things and Smart City Forum and 2018 International Telecommunication Union Internet of Things and Smart City Research Group Plenary Meeting (ITU-T SG20 Plenary), Industry and Informatization Wang Weiming, deputy director of the Department of Science and Technology, said: Network information technology has been transformed into real productivity at an unprecedented rate. From shallow tools and products, it has deepened the infrastructure and key elements of reshaping production organization, and profoundly changed the global economic structure. , interest pattern, security pattern. As a typical representative of network information technology, the Internet of Things is promoting an unprecedented opportunity for economic and social development. Data on the development of the Internet of Things industry at home and abroad shows that in 2008, the size of China's Internet of Things market reached 78 billion yuan, reaching 600 billion yuan in 2014. In 2015, the size of China's Internet of Things market was about 750 billion yuan, and in 2016 it reached 935 billion yuan. about. In 2017, the scale of China's Internet of Things industry reached 1.12 billion yuan. As of 2018H1, the number of Internet of Things terminals in China has reached 465 million, 2.5 times that of the same period last year (Ministry of Industry and Information Technology). China Mobile recently announced that its Internet of Things connection reached 500 million, exceeding the previous plan of 349 million. According to the ¡°Annual Report on Market Demand and Investment Forecast of China's Internet of Things Industry in 2018-2023¡± released by Prospective Industry Research Institute, smart city is the hottest IoT project. Up to now, among the 1,600 IoT construction projects announced worldwide in 2018, smart city projects accounted for 23%, industrial IoT accounted for 17%, and building networking, car networking, smart energy projects accounted for 12% and 11 respectively. %, 10%. AI+IoT technology accelerates the scene upgrade A new generation of artificial intelligence is booming around the world, not only injecting new kinetic energy into economic and social development, but also profoundly changing people's way of life. With the advent of the AI+IoT era, in the next ten to twenty years, the digital economy and the new generation of Internet it carries will have an all-round impact on the economy and business. As a pioneer in artificial intelligence, machine learning has taken the first step in the IoT world. Autonomous vehicles are one of the largest IoT devices, and even cars that offer only some autopilot functions, such as Tesla, rely heavily on machine learning. You can program autonomous vehicles to understand the basic rules of the road and how to deal with the most common obstacles you may encounter. However, when you introduce other drivers into the mix, it is not possible to program every possible variable. This is why machine learning is so important in the Internet of Things. Just out of the production line, Tesla will get all the information that Tesla is currently collecting, and then learn all the new variables encountered and share it with all connected cars, which makes the autopilot mode for all Tes It is safer to pull the driver. Intelligent security and the Internet of Things are closely related to the Internet of Things. It is a conceptual platform for the security industry to develop intelligently, which can provide better funding and technology platform for the development of security intelligence. The security of the future will be integrated under the big platform of the Internet of Things and become one of the ¡°all things¡± to access the Internet. Through the smart sensor chip, the information is sensed in time, transmitted in real time, and people can interact with each other in real time, bringing us a new era of security and wisdom. This is wisdom security. In the security security core system--video security monitoring system, the Internet of Things technology is mainly embodied in the application of video-aware systems. The video-aware system is the most important component of the Internet of Things perception system. The Internet of Things is collected by the system of the front-end sensing system. Through the data aggregation of the transmission network, the application of massive sensing data is realized. At the same time, it also promotes the transformation of security systems from simple security monitoring to industrial security and visual management. The system architecture also evolves from a simple and isolated system to a comprehensive management platform closely related to the business. Conclusion: The Internet of Things technology has opened up the deep application of security intelligence, providing a wider imagination space for everyone. The security industry is only one of them. I believe that more industries and IoT will be integrated and developed in the future, and truly enter the era of intelligence.Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park unveiled and despised the first batch of technology. On December 26, the Zhongguancun Science Park Management Committee and Shougang Group Co., Ltd. jointly established the ¡°Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park¡± launching ceremony. Successfully held in Shougang Park. At the meeting, Defiance Technology was signed as the first batch of demonstration enterprises in the park and Beijing Shougang Construction Investment Co., Ltd. Shougang Investment and Shougang AI Park Application Demonstration Enterprise Signing Ceremony Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park Unveiling Ceremony Xu Zhijun, Deputy Secretary General of Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, Qi Lixin, Director of Zhongguancun Management Committee, and Liu Hang, Deputy Inspector of Zhongguancun Management Committee Zhou Xisong, deputy head of Shijingshan District, Zhang Gongyan, chairman of Shougang Group, Liang Jie, deputy general manager of Shougang Group, and other responsible comrades from the Ministry of Science and Technology and Xinshou Steel Office participated in the event and unveiled the park. At the launching ceremony, Liang Jie introduced the construction plan of Zhongguancun (Shougang) artificial intelligence innovation application industrial park, and Zhang Yulei, director of the Industry Department of Zhongguancun Management Committee, issued a support policy. Yan Lixin, director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, said that it is necessary to further improve the station position, strengthen the top-level planning, and create a world-class business environment, so as to ¡°help¡± the project, ¡°support¡± the funds, ¡°introducing¡± the policies, and the rights and interests. ¡°Protect¡± to continuously improve the service level of enterprises and the management level of the park. Yan Lixin, director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, delivered a speech. Defiant Technology President Fu Yingbo spoke as a representative of Shougang AI Park Demonstration Application Enterprise. Fu Yingbo introduced the current development situation, using the self-original AI system in the application of mobile phones, cameras, robots and other sensing devices, and built a "AI+IoT" strategy through a combination of soft and hard solutions to create a personal IoT , public IoT, commercial IoT three major Internet of Things. Defiant Technology President Fu Yingbo spoke as a representative of the signing company. Fu Yingbo said that he would continue to cultivate his internal strength, take root in Beijing, serve Beijing, and adhere to the "technical belief, value and pragmatic" scorn gene, to land in Zhongguancun (Shougang) The Intelligent Innovation Application Industrial Park takes the opportunity to build a foothold in the park. Under the guidance of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, it will work together with Shougang to build an application demonstration project, build a common technical service platform, cooperate with R&D and application, and build a service space. Combined with key scenarios, the application of demonstration to promote technology and system optimization, the formation and improvement of a number of industry solutions, with artificial intelligence technology to empower the new era capital city to revive new landmarks.