Defiance technology settled in Hangzhou, accelerate the promotion of intelligent security businessOn the afternoon of June 6, the Chinese unicorn company in the field of artificial intelligence defied technology and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hangzhou City at the opening ceremony of the foundation of the China (Hangzhou) Unicorn Enterprise Park. It officially settled in Hangzhou. Zhou Guohui, vice chairman of the Zhejiang Provincial Political Consultative Conference, Xu Liyi, deputy secretary of the Hangzhou Municipal Committee, and deputy director of the Torch High-tech Industry Development Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Mao Xihao, member of the Standing Committee of the Hangzhou Municipal Committee, Yuhang District Party Committee, Chen Rugen, the head of the Yuhang District, and other provincial and municipal leaders for Hangzhou The Unicorn Business Incubation Park unveiled and certified the company to sign. Leaders at all levels in Zhejiang and Hangzhou jointly witnessed contempt and signing with Hangzhou to play the role of AI unicorns to promote the upgrade of Hangzhou's smart economy. It is reported that Vision Technology is a pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence in China, and will be promoted together with the Hangzhou Municipal Government after landing in Hangzhou. The artificial intelligence related industries and sectors are working in the future science and technology city of Hangzhou. According to the agreement, DeVision Technology will set up a wholly-owned subsidiary in Hangzhou to build a smart security business headquarters and intelligent hardware headquarters; and through a series of industry and project cooperation, improve the overall level of artificial intelligence industry development in Hangzhou and the National Science and Technology Innovation Center. status. At the signing ceremony, Mayor Xu said that the unicorn enterprises have played an important leading role in the upgrading of new technologies, new formats and new models in various industries. Therefore, the Hangzhou Municipal Government and the Yuhang District Government jointly formulated a set of unicorns. Enterprise development policy, and hope to create a national unicorn enterprise growth paradise, attracting senior unicorn enterprises like contempt and nailing to settle in Hangzhou, accelerate the accumulation and development of Hangzhou's emerging industries and future industries, and further promote Hangzhou's economic transformation. upgrade. As the representative of the signing company, Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, said in the guest sharing session: ¡°Defiance of technology as a representative of artificial intelligence unicorn enterprises is the earliest domestic research and development of artificial intelligence independent innovation technology and the earliest realization of artificial intelligence scale industry. One of the enterprises in the application. In the long-term development practice, contempt for deep understanding that the city is the foothold and focus of enterprise development, so we very much hope to land in the economic and scientific fields such as Hangzhou and realize the rapid development of the enterprise. At the same time, it also helped Hangzhou to become the vanguard of artificial intelligence development in Zhejiang Province and even the whole country.¡± Fu Yingbo, President of Defiance Technology, delivered a speech at the ceremony to build an AI+IoT Perceptual IoT system to build a new wisdom Hangzhou, Hangzhou, as the political and economical of Zhejiang Province. The cultural and financial centers, as well as China's important e-commerce centers, have taken the lead in the development of the emerging Internet technology industry in recent years. Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City is one of the four future science and technology cities in China identified by the Central Organization Department and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. In 2016, it was approved as the first batch of dual-innovation demonstration bases in China (the only one in Zhejiang Province), and was listed as the construction of the Hangzhou City Science and Technology Innovation Corridor. Focus on the core area, demonstration area, and lead area. In recent years, the future Science and Technology City has seized the development opportunities of ¡°mass entrepreneurship and innovation¡±, and has launched the construction of innovative and entrepreneurial carriers such as Dream Town and China (Hangzhou) Artificial Intelligence Town, which has injected a strong impetus into the development of regional economy. . Dedicated technology was founded in 2011. Since its establishment seven years ago, Defiance has been committed to the world's leading machine vision artificial intelligence technology and product development. At present, many of the artificial intelligence technologies despised have won more than 10 international authoritative technical evaluations. It also builds the world's leading face recognition cloud platform on the product side, and a number of world-leading smart hardware innovations, providing convenient and efficient intelligent services to users in more than 200 countries around the world. In the list of unicorns released by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology of China, it has been ranked first in the artificial intelligence unicorn enterprise for two consecutive years and has become one of the most representative ¡°senior unicorn¡± enterprises in the country. Among the top 50 smartest companies in the world published by the authoritative academic journal MIT Technology Review, Vision Technology has surpassed many high-tech giants and ranked first among new startups. Xie Peng (second from left), vice president of Vision Technology, together with the leaders, laid the foundation for the China (Hangzhou) Unicorn Enterprise Park and despised the presence of Hangzhou. He will continue to play his leading scientific and commercial leadership in the field of artificial intelligence. In the future, we will build a basic IoT awareness system for AI+IoT in the fields of consumer terminals, urban management, and retail logistics in Hangzhou, accelerate the development of the integration of artificial intelligence and real economy in Hangzhou, and promote the intelligent digital city construction in Hangzhou.Defying the core agent conference of science and technology to hold a comprehensive vision of the development direction of AI+ industryOn May 22nd, the 2018 Defiance Technology Core Agents Conference was officially held in Beijing. Fu Yingbo, the president of Defiance Technology, and the General Manager of the Technology Industry Federation, met with many contempt partners and agents from all over the country. Beijing Taifu Hotel, jointly look forward to and plan for the future development direction of AI+ industry. At the same time, at this meeting, contempt also reached a total project cooperation with partners of more than 160 million yuan. In recent years, as the leading machine vision artificial intelligence product company in China, Vision Technology is gradually realizing the deep visualization of AI full scenes in various fields of the city through computer innovation based on self-developed deep learning algorithms. As an industry leader in ignoring one of its core businesses, it has despised the in-depth exploration of AI+ since 2015, and gradually established a product development, QA testing, business sales, service delivery, etc. The complete team of the link is dedicated to using the AI ??to perceive the empowerment industry and make people's lives better for AI. In 2018, contempt for upgrading the industry's IoT business model again, hoping to make a comprehensive cost reduction and efficiency upgrade for all areas of society through extensive storage of component warehouses and deep deconstruction of industry scenarios, as a bridge between AI hardware and industry scenarios. It brings intelligent and revolutionary improvement to human food, clothing, housing and transportation. Fu Yingbo, president of Defiance Technology, said: "First of all, I am very grateful to the dedication of all partners. I despise the power of partners in the development of artificial intelligence. The current artificial intelligence as the fourth wave of technological revolution, Its impact on the human world will far exceed the wave of the Internet revolution. Before such a huge development opportunity, the choice of a single-handed development model cannot survive for a long time in the fiercely competitive industry, and despise as a pioneer of artificial intelligence. It has repeatedly achieved world-class technological breakthroughs and innovations. This is not only a contempt for one's own efforts, but also a result of cooperation with all partners. In 2018, I hope to further explore the digital and intelligent world of the physical world. The road to transformation, with the ignorance of the new intelligent industry IoT business system, accelerates the process of artificial intelligence to change the world." Fu Ying Technology President Fu Yingbo attended the meeting, despising the general manager of the technology industry, the plains to all partners The agent introduced the "2018 Defiance Industry Industry Development Plan". Plain Interpretation said that in the contempt, the industry's IoT field is in the future an important AI application market in the security field, and the deep intelligent transformation of the industry's IoT is an important part of building smart city AI+IoT infrastructure. Steps are also a key branch of creating a deeper intelligent human society in the future. In the specific design of the plan, the plain introduced: "Despise the future based on the four basic levels of industry-based object-awareness, network, platform and application, with building real estate, commercial chains, and educational institutions as the core enabling scenes, the main face recognition The technology combines the soft and hard integrated intelligent product system of white list, VIP identity verification and attendance analysis, and continues to expand the broader industry intellectual property intelligent market by building a mutually beneficial and win-win industry ecology with all partners and agents. Defying the general manager of the technology industry, the General Assembly of the People's Federation of the People's Republic of China, attended the meeting and despised the technology industry's products, sales and delivery of the Three Musketeers, followed by Destiny Technology's product development, sales channels and service delivery. Everyone made a detailed introduction and strived to provide partners and agents with more optimized algorithms, more powerful products and better services in the new year. In addition, in order to thank the partners for their long-term strong support for contempt, we also formally signed a core partnership agreement with CapitaLand at this meeting to consolidate and expand the deep cooperation between the two parties in the fields of building construction, commercial retail and so on; At the same time, contempt also held a core agent awarding ceremony for many outstanding agents from all over the country. CapitaLand Group officially became the core customer of Vision Technology. Vision Technology is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in China to use commercial learning applications with deep learning technology. It is also the world's "most intelligent" company and an important AI technology breakthrough. At present, Defiance is committed to building an online, digital, and intelligent IoT data network by enabling urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones, and automobiles to truly advance the digital world. In the industry of the industry, there are many buildings, commercial chains, educational institutions, community access control and many other digital and intelligent blessings. In the process of changing the world with artificial intelligence technology, contempt will always regard the AI+ industry as a link. The core cultivation business creates more beautiful for the world.