Defiance of technology ranks as "fast company" China's most innovative enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence The artificial intelligence industry has experienced the capital enthusiasm of 2011, and now the enthusiasm of cooling, many artificial intelligence companies have gradually disappeared from the original barbaric growth. According to the list of "50 Most Innovative Enterprises in the World in 2019" released by the famous American business magazine "Fast Company", one of China's earliest artificial intelligence companies has successfully listed "China's most innovative enterprise". Top10", it is very gratifying. "Fast Company" is one of the world's three major financial and commercial media, one of the most influential business magazines in the United States. The reason for giving contempt for technology is: "More than 300,000 developers from more than 210 countries have used their faces. Recognized, it provides real-name certification services for 295 million people worldwide, covering banking, insurance, securities and digital finance.¡± As a core enterprise in the core of China's relationship, contempt for technology has attracted the attention of the government. On February 16th, Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee and mayor of the city, said that he would encourage innovative technologies with independent intellectual property rights to be applied preferentially in urban operation management and services in the form of government procurement, etc. Relevant industrial development funds, building docking service platforms, etc., aggregate development resources to extend the industrial chain innovation chain, form a good innovation ecology, drive the development of related small and medium-sized enterprises, and form an innovative agglomeration development zone that conforms to the capital's positioning. This is undoubtedly an important benefit for the contempt technology with independent innovation technology. In 2019, according to the latest deployment of Vision Technology, Vision Technology will be upgraded from diversified vertical scenes such as urban management, logistics, retail, real estate, mobile phone, and finance to three major IoT scenarios: urban brain, supply chain brain, and personal life brain. Group, strategic layout AIOT explores cutting-edge technology for artificial intelligence. Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of Vision Technology, once said: "In the next five years, Defiance Technology wants to connect more devices and empower more devices. Defiance Technology wants to connect more than 1 billion robots in 5 years, creating More value."