Defiance of technology shareholders, directors, a number of changes, Ant Financial, Lenovo investment exit According to IPO, we know that there have been many changes in AI service provider Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd., and the industry and commerce information shows that Lenovo, Innovation Works and Ant Financial Services The company withdrew from the ranks of technology shareholders, Li Kaifu, Ant Financial Services Han Yiyi, Wang Mingyao, Tang Wenbin and Yang Mu withdrew from the ranks of directors. Defiance Technology was established in 2011. It is the main solution for the IOT. The three co-founders are Yin Qi, Tang Wenbin and Yang Mu. The company's face recognition, image recognition, smart sensors and other products are widely used in security, finance, retail and other fields. Lenovo participated in the contempt financing from the 2012 Angel Wheel stage, when it raised 1 million yuan. In July 2013, the investors who despised the A round of financing were innovative workshops with an amount of US$1 million. After September 2014, Ant Financial participated in the company's strategic investment, and the amount was not disclosed. In the B+ round of December 2016 and the C+ round of financing in October 2017, the innovative workshop and Ant Financial Services participated in two rounds of financing as investors respectively. The total amount of the two rounds of financing was 100 million US dollars. 360 million US dollars. On May 8, DeVision Technology announced the completion of Phase II equity financing in Round D. The D-round investors include BOCGI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), and Macquarie Group. And ICBC Asset Management (Global) Co., Ltd., with a total financing of approximately US$750 million. According to Tencent News, the financing is worth more than $4 billion. Defiance Technology achieved profitability in 2017, and the intelligent security sector contributed 44% of revenue, accounting for the highest proportion. Security mainly obtains orders through the service of government customers, mainly based on the application of public security and border defense departments. The proportion of revenue from the main business of intelligent security will further expand. In the financial business, the company cooperates with more than 20 financial institutions such as Alipay, Bank of Beijing and China CITIC Bank to provide "brush face" identification services. Defiance Technology uses the Face++ open platform as its core product to provide enterprise-level product services through artificial intelligence recognition technology. And this application market has many competitors, such as Shangtang Technology. In May 2018, Shangtang Technology announced the completion of a $620 million C+ round of financing with a valuation of more than $4.5 billion. In November 2017, Shangtang Technology received Alibaba's financing of 1.5 billion yuan. These investments are not difficult to see how Ali controls the consumer scene in AI applications. Another example is Yun Cong Technology, the largest AI supplier in China's banking industry. After completing the B+ round of financing in October 2018, the valuation reached 23 billion yuan. Finance, security, and transportation are the areas of contempt for the company's AI services. If contempt and business soup are backed by Ali, Yun Cong Technology is supported by China National New, Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund, Guangdong Yueke Financial Group, Shanghai Liansheng Capital and other national strategic funds.