2018-2019 Jiangsu University Student Planners Academic Winter Camp "Data Science and Face Recognition" College Student Planners Academic Winter Camp Admissions Guide Nanjing University of Science and Technology is a national key university affiliated to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China. In the ancient capital of Nanjing, where Zhong Ling Xiu Xiu and Hu Yu Long Yu. The school was built in 1953 by the People's Liberation Army Military Engineering Institute (the ¡°Arab Military Industry¡±), the highest institution of the Chinese military science and technology. It has experienced the development stages of Artillery Engineering College, East China Institute of Technology, and East China Institute of Technology. In 1993, it was renamed Nanjing University of Science and Technology. In 1995, the school became the first batch of ¡°211 Project¡± key universities in the country; in 2000, it was approved to establish a graduate school; in 2011, it was approved to build ¡°985 Platform Advantage Discipline Innovation Platform¡±; in 2017, the school was selected as ¡°Double-Class¡± Construction In colleges and universities, the discipline of "arms science and technology" was selected as a "double first-class" construction discipline; in 2018, Academician Wang Zeshan won the 2017 National Science and Technology Award. Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and the president of the Central Military Commission, personally presented the award to Academician Wang Zeshan. The school adheres to the school-oriented philosophy of "people-oriented, honest and moral", upholds the motto of "advancement in morality, ambition and newness", and promotes the school spirit of "unity, dedication, truth-seeking, innovation" to serve the country's strategic needs and promote social progress. It is committed to building a first-class, internationally renowned high-level research university. Beijing Vision Technology Co., Ltd. is an industry-oriented solution provider based on artificial intelligence technology. It is committed to providing leading-edge artificial intelligence algorithms and solutions to global industry users and building a city-level intelligent Internet of Things system. Face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robot products have been widely used in finance, mobile phones, security, logistics, retail and other fields. The core customers include not only Alibaba, Ants. Industry-level head enterprises such as Jinfu, Huawei and Lenovo also serve the government departments of the Ministry of Public Security, the State Administration of Taxation, China CITIC Bank, China Merchants Bank, China Resources Group and the Central State-owned Enterprises Group. I. Enrollment targets and registration conditions 1. Citizens of the People's Republic of China, who support the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have good health, good moral character, and abide by the law; 2. Knowledge of probability and statistics is required, and the content of the university must be taught before class. Review; 3. Must have a Python language foundation, the basis of an object-oriented programming language is appropriate; 4. Students interested in artificial intelligence, computer vision can apply. Second, the enrollment quota is for students in the second year of the university with computer and artificial intelligence, software engineering, big data and other engineering majors in Jiangsu Province. The number of students is 100. 3. For the selection method, please send the application materials to the organizer's mailbox (Mr. Ding, 976968825@qq.com) before January 5, 2019. 1. "Application Form for Academic Winter Camp for Data Science and Face Recognition" of the College of Higher Education in Jiangsu Province from 2018 to 2019, see attachment, and submit both electronic version and scanned copy; 2. Undergraduate transcript and in this book The class (the major) ranking certificate (with the official seal of the academic department of the university) is required to provide a scanned copy. 3. Other supporting materials (such as copies of various award certificates, copies of published papers, etc.), scanned copies are required. Contact: Nanjing University of Science and Technology: Teacher Jiang, 025-84303204 Defiance Technology: Mr. Ding, 15862822407, 976968825@qq.com Students should carefully check whether they meet the application conditions before registration. Some students are required to provide relevant supporting materials according to the school requirements during the registration period. Students should carefully check and confirm the registration information. Based on the principle of ensuring quality and merit-based admission, our school determines the list of candidates based on the student's application materials and the supporting materials provided. Before January 12, 2019, select 100 outstanding students and notify relevant universities. If there are students withdrawing during the period, and the total number of winter camps is less than 100, a second round of screening will be conducted to reach a total number of 100. people. 4. Winter Camp Fees 1. Free school supplies, handouts, practical equipment, essential school supplies for consumables; 2. Free accommodation and food; 3. Purchase of group accident insurance for trainees; 4. Expenses for non-winter camp activities ,To bear. V. Training Camp Objectives To give full play to the respective resource advantages of contempt and Nanjing University of Science and Technology, and to train students to use data science thinking and artificial intelligence technology to analyze problems, decision-making and problem solving. Through extensive case training, hands-on labs, project planning and development, and teamwork, the camp helps students build awareness of data science and artificial intelligence, test students' understanding of basic data analysis methods and tools, and stimulate students. Students use data to think and find new interest in solving problems. The training camp will enhance students' ability in the following four areas. 1. Establish disciplinary cognition: Cultivate students' basic cognitive ability in data science and artificial intelligence through case teaching; 2. Quick introduction to language: quick start and master the primary Python programming language and data analysis ability; 3. Practical ability establishment: use Data thinking and artificial intelligence to solve practical decision-making and forecasting problems; 4. Comprehensive quality improvement: deepen the knowledge of data science and artificial intelligence application scenario and teamwork. Sixth, the training camp schedule 1. Time: January 18, 2019 - January 25, January 18 reported all day. 2. Introduction 3. Schedule 7. Precautions It is recommended that students prepare a laptop for themselves, i5 or above, 8G memory is suitable (not less than 4G) a) Operating system: Windows7 and above or Ubuntu16.04 or Apple macOSb) Browser: Google Chrome version 6.0 and above "Admissions Guide" will be published simultaneously on the website of the Academic Affairs Office of Nanjing University of Science and Technology (http://jwc.njust.edu.cn/), please inquire.The Frontier of Artificial Intelligence: The Opportunity and Hope of Breakthrough The breakthrough of artificial intelligence technology, industrial innovation, and industrialization are expected to be based on the frontier theory of artificial intelligence, which is the cornerstone of the industry. In order to obtain the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, China must strengthen leading scientific research in the basic theory of artificial intelligence and cutting-edge technology, and take the lead in making major breakthroughs. Artificial intelligence technology is now the new favorite of global technology, and is profoundly changing the production and life of human beings. The plot in the movie or science fiction is present in real life: the Alpha dog is superior, making the world's top Go masters defeated, amazing; the writing robot is robbing the freelance writer's rice bowl, it is amazing; face recognition It is amazing that the system directs the depositors to blink and verify the identity card and automatically print out the account flow. After more than 60 years of evolution, especially driven by new theories and new technologies such as mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, brain science, and strong demand for economic and social development, the accelerated development of artificial intelligence presents deep learning and cross- New features such as integration of the world, human-machine synergy, openness of the group, and autonomous control can give the machine the ability to sense and exercise independently. If the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology extends the human body and expands the human power, then a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand human intelligence. Greatly enhance the value that human intelligence can create. The 2018 Artificial Intelligence Index, written by Stanford University scholars, shows that important advances in artificial intelligence "reaching or surpassing human performance" in 2018, including the Microsoft Chinese-English bilingual machine translation system, reached humanity in relevant tests. The level, the British "deep thinking" company's research and development process in the game "? Raytheon? Hammer" winning rate surpasses human players, Google's deep learning system in the prostate cancer related diagnostic research accuracy rate exceeds the US certified pathologist, etc. . All countries in the world are rushing to seize the opportunity of the wave of artificial intelligence technology, and have been rushing to the beach. Since 2013, the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and other countries have introduced artificial intelligence strategies and policies. In order to seize the opportunities of artificial intelligence development, the United States released the "National Artificial Intelligence Research and Development Strategic Plan", "Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence", and the European Union released the "2014-2020 European Robotics Strategy Research Program", "Measuring European Research" With the future of innovation, the UK's policies around artificial intelligence include Robotics and Automated Systems 2020, Developing Artificial Intelligence in the UK, France's Artificial Intelligence Strategy, and Japan's Japan Renaissance Strategy 2016. Intelligent Technology Strategy. According to the "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Development of a New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Industry (2018-2020)", China is also coordinating international and domestic innovation resources, and strives to achieve the scale of artificial intelligence core industry by 2030. One trillion yuan has driven the relevant industries to exceed 10 trillion yuan, becoming the world's leading artificial intelligence innovation center. The intelligent economy and smart society have achieved remarkable results, laying an important foundation for being among the forefront of innovative countries and economic powers. On the other hand, we must also see that although the level of global artificial intelligence development is remarkable, the current ¡°development¡± of artificial intelligence systems is still immature, and the overall level is still in its infancy, regardless of basic theoretical research or key core technologies. Or the talent system needs to be perfected. Artificial intelligence is divided into special artificial intelligence and general artificial intelligence. The current results are mainly reflected in the special artificial intelligence. The truly complete artificial intelligence system is a general-purpose intelligent system, which has the thinking characteristics similar to the human brain, and can be used as a contradiction. Experts believe that the current artificial intelligence system "has no intelligence, no intelligence, no calculation, no expertise, no expertise." Therefore, the research and application of general intelligent systems still has a long way to go. The breakthrough of artificial intelligence technology, industry innovation, and industrialization are expected to be based on the frontier theory of artificial intelligence, which is the cornerstone of the industry. It can be seen that at the infrastructure level, the frontier basic theories and algorithms still have a lot of room for breakthrough. In order to obtain the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, China must strengthen leading scientific research in the basic theory of artificial intelligence and cutting-edge technology, and take the lead in making major breakthroughs. Compared with European and American countries, China's artificial intelligence research started late, and it has been at a low threshold for a long time. The talents with international influence are scarce. The high-level talents who master the technology of ¡°handcuffing¡± are even scarcer. It is necessary to build a complete artificial intelligence talent system. ¡°The Everest is on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. Only the cutting-edge technology research platform can cultivate top technical talents. The construction of a large number of research groups with international standards is the basis for cultivating top talents. High-end technology must be connected with the industry to form a huge application market, and artificial intelligence must be closely integrated with the industry. This means that we need to grasp the landing of artificial intelligence application scenarios, strive for breakthroughs in basic data and platform technology, and build a bridge that effectively links with the traditional industry ecosystem. Thanks to the huge demographic data dividend and the rich demand of the industry, the development and utilization of artificial intelligence application scenarios in China is particularly active in the fields of intelligent finance, smart medical care, intelligent security, and safe city. Taking smart medical care as an example, relatively rich electronic medical records, medical images, pathological images and other data are provided to researchers, and it is possible to train artificial intelligence models by labeling, thus generating a large application industry. Intelligent security, unmanned terminal and other terminal scenarios are important scenarios for artificial intelligence applications, but how much value of artificial intelligence can be applied to these scenarios after landing and landing, relying entirely on the support of intelligent platforms. Taking unmanned driving as an example, the current technology is not mature, and one of the important reasons is that the calculation efficiency cannot keep up. The authoritative research results show that 1000 autopilot cars on the road need to process the amount of data equivalent to the current Baidu image search every day. To process this information in a timely and effective manner, high-performance artificial intelligence chips need to be embedded in the underlying architecture.From the end of 2018, look at the new trend of 2019 wisdom and security development. In the 2018 AMB meeting, most manufacturers showed solutions based on solutions, and the products were placed in unobtrusive corners. The theme includes the Internet of Things, AI technology, cross-border integration, IT to DT interconnection, application level of deep development of the industry, etc., and the sense of science and technology is prominent. With the gradual development of Internet technology, more and more business forms have been affected, the industry boundaries have gradually blurred, and the original industry division has been subverted as never before. The introduction of the Internet + concept has brought about a change in the thinking mode and development pattern of the security industry. The cross-border cooperation and upgrading of the security industry has become the norm in the development of the security industry, and the overall industrial chain has undergone major adjustments. In order to find a new way out for development, security companies have crossed the border to markets such as drones, robots, and smart locks, while Internet companies, IT companies, and artificial intelligence companies have also deployed security. Faced with the strong entry of the Internet, AI, and IT companies, the company has achieved a major "cleansing" of the security market, and washed away the products and enterprises with low competitiveness, so that enterprises with real qualifications, technology, and accumulation can turn to IT. / Internet companies learn to make rapid product changes and technological innovations. At the same time, with the rapid iterative update of products, it provides users with better services, and also obtains more channel resources and communication resources for enterprises, which promotes the sound development of the entire security industry. Face recognition technology is a non-contact and non-intrusive feature for face recognition. It can be directly recognized by the camera within a certain distance without touching the human body, thus achieving greater range and more information collection. Need to be matched by the collector, more easily accepted by the public. For applications in an open public environment, face recognition technology has incomparable advantages. At the same time, the face application mode is more mature with the cloud computing technology, and the cost is also greatly reduced. From the camera to the NVR, the face recognition function is undoubtedly applied in video surveillance. It has become a standard configuration, enabling a wide range of applications such as face control, face search, and face comparison. At the same time, the application of face recognition in access control products is also basically popular. Face recognition functions such as face opening, face visitor, and human witness verification are all configured with face recognition function. In theory, the hands are basically liberated. In practical applications, smart buildings, smart communities, smart cities, road monitoring and other places have begun to lay out large-scale products with face recognition functions. Today's face recognition technology is mature enough to ensure that it has reached a steady state. In addition, the face recognition function is not limited to edge applications, cloud face recognition comparison is more favored by large-scale smart projects due to low cost. This emerging technology has brought about a turn for traditional business upgrades and expansions, as well as opportunities for new ventures to disrupt existing landscapes. Intelligent chip manufacturers have increased sharply, laying the foundation for the application of artificial intelligence in the security industry. With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, as the top priority of the artificial intelligence industry, AI chips have become the most popular investment field, and various AI chips are emerging one after another. . In the field of artificial intelligence chips, foreign chip giants occupy the majority of the market share, both in terms of talent pooling and company mergers. Domestic artificial intelligence companies have also presented a situation of contending. According to statistics, at least a dozen AI chips were available in China last year, and the upgrade period of chip products generally lasted for 12-24 months. Nowadays, such a hot and intensive market bombardment is like a collective carnival of AI chips. AI chip makers rushed into the 2018 AMB conference, and 16 chip manufacturers participated in the exhibition. In addition to the Cambrian, Shenzhen, Bitian, Horizon and other startups have brought new products, the security chip tyrant Heis also showed four New products of AI chips, from the perspective of products on display, smart chips can be described as highly competitive. Depending on the application scenario, artificial intelligence chips can be applied to the cloud and device edge. At present, the cloud chip market has been exhausted by the giants, and the overall pattern has not changed much. The survival space of startup companies is small. However, the variable at the edge is undecided. After the edge calculation was submitted by Hikvision in 2017, most of the manufacturers follow up the layout this year. The attention continues to rise, and the edge-end chip market is growing, attracting more and more chip manufacturers to join. At present, the edge-end chip market can be said to be a group of talents, and opportunities still exist. The main role of video surveillance is unwavering. With the video surveillance becoming more and more high-definition and ultra-high-definition, the data scale is exponentially increasing exponentially. The data generated by the video surveillance service is mostly unstructured data, which gives the traditional Data management and usage mechanisms pose significant challenges. The application point of artificial intelligence is video intelligent analysis. Based on the huge amount of video data in the security industry, it has certain advantages in developing big data, deep learning, cloud computing and other technologies. At the same time, it expands and accumulates related software and hardware technologies through video intelligence analysis. Business area. The video cloud and big data layout basically complete the charm of big data is not "big", but "useful". Value content and mining costs are more important than quantity. Therefore, for the security industry, the transformation of unstructured data into structured data, and the in-depth exploration and effective use of these large-scale data is the inevitable direction of the layout. Ali built the city brain, Huawei's high-profile video cloud, Haikang proposed AI Cloud, Dahua released the heart of HOC city, who will dominate the SDT security big data industry to the basic characterization. With the introduction of a series of policies, the big data national strategy is accelerating, and ¡°digging out gold mines¡± from big data is the stage to truly test the core hard technology of enterprises. Enterprises need to down-to-earth, step by step to iterate out products that meet the needs of the times, and on the basis of maintaining independent research and development and innovation, tap the market potential, take root in the vertical field in specific applications, and solve the practical problems encountered by users in big data management. Start with the actual application to drive the industrial chain and improve market competitiveness. The SVAC standard has been officially implemented for a small wave of SVAC 2.0 standards for more than a year. The SVAC standard does have many improvements for monitoring applications, especially for SVAC 2.0 in digital signal processing algorithms compared to SVAC 1.0. , operational efficiency, stability and other aspects are more mature. In particular, SVAC2.0 has greater security in terms of data security, image coding efficiency is further improved, and information security level is also higher. However, due to technical maturity, cost and other issues, the popularity of SVAC standards can not be achieved overnight. Although the SVAC industry alliance lineup continues to expand and expand, some leading companies in the industry and many foreign companies still hold a wait-and-see attitude. Before the 2.0 standard came out, Qianmu Juyun had fallen. At present, Zhongxing Technology is unique in the field of SVAC, from chip to product, solution, and complete product line. Another Xinbo Electronics' first low-power SVAC2.0 codec chip was exhibited in China. No other manufacturers exhibited SVAC-related products at the 2018 Beijing Expo. However, with the appeal of the Ministry of Public Security to domestic security monitoring vendors, it is inevitable that the echoes will be gathered, and with the strong support of the national policy, the road ahead will be looming. Internet access control From this year's AMB meeting, face recognition, NFC, two-dimensional code and other ways to open the door formally integrated into the access control, the integration of access control, video surveillance, and intercom has matured. Among the products and solutions exhibited at AMB, the most widely used is face recognition technology. Most manufacturers have installed face recognition modules for gates and door machines. However, for the access control project, the realization of face recognition has a large cost pressure, and the recognition technology of cards, NFC and two-dimensional codes is relatively low in cost. Therefore, while face recognition captures the access control, NFC and II The application of the dimension code also meets the needs of different levels of the market. In the author's interview, there is even a saying that the access control industry is about to ¡°disappear¡±. Of course, this ¡°disappearance¡± is not the disappearance of the true meaning, but is completely integrated into the video surveillance to form a comprehensive solution. The solution can be dominated by the access control system or the video surveillance system according to the customer's needs, and the focus is different. The AI ??vent is blowing into the access control industry, and wisdom has become the key to the development of the access control industry. It can also be seen at the 2018 AMB meeting that many enterprises use the "smart access control" as the entry point to lay out the community O2O. Most of the old-fashioned access control enterprises have the real estate resource base, combined with artificial intelligence technology and access control Internet and intelligent development trends. Give the access control market a huge new business opportunity. IoT integration into burglar alarms With the rapid rise of technologies such as the Internet of Things, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the burglar alarm industry has also shown a new look. The burglar alarm enterprise began to approach the direction of the object-sensing sensor, and based on the advantages of sensor technology, it expanded the vertical industry market of smart home, smart hotel, smart pension and so on. The common system architecture in the vertical industry market is to flexibly combine various types of sensors to deploy targeted system solutions according to specific scenarios. With the advancement of technology, the development of anti-theft alarm technology is changing with each passing day, and the integration and application of various innovative technologies has also provided great convenience for it, accelerating the rapid development of the anti-theft alarm industry. In the AMB meeting, the author was fortunate to see the alarm system composed of PoE technology and wireless transmission technology. It is very convenient to deploy, install and debug freely. It is a benchmark for the technical progress of the alarm industry. In recent years, due to various reasons, the alarm industry has shrunk. In order to achieve long-term development, the alarm enterprises must strengthen the introduction and application of various new technologies and new products, and build a comprehensive alarm service platform to meet market demand. Through technology and product changes, we will provide security services to our customers, thereby improving market competitiveness, opening up new horizons in the alarm service market and promoting the long-term development of enterprises. After the artificial intelligence has landed in the best industry, the security industry has become the entry point for smart city layout. In the domestic security market, on the one hand, product homogeneity is serious, price war is getting worse, and single hardware profit is almost very difficult; on the other hand, the demand for smart city and smart transportation construction led by the government is growing, and the entire security industry is showing huge Development space. In the future, with the support of national policies such as ¡°Internet +¡±, ¡°intelligent manufacturing¡± and ¡°artificial intelligence¡±, information technologies such as the Internet, biometrics, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and big data will be accelerated into the security industry and eventually formed. A huge security circle guards the people to live and work in peace. Analysis of the characteristics and trends of new smart city development China's smart city construction entered the third wave from 2008 to 2012, China's smart city experienced the first wave, which can be called the concept introduction period. In this period, the construction of smart cities is driven by industry applications. The key technologies include wireless communication, fiber-optic broadband, HTTP, GIS, GPS technology, etc. The information system uses a single department, a single system, and independent construction as the main methods to form a large number of information islands and information sharing. Most use point-to-point spontaneous sharing. The industrial strength is relatively simple, and foreign software system integrators lead the development of smart city industry after introducing concepts. From 2012 to 2015, for the pilot exploration period, smart cities began to walk out of the road of Chinese characteristics and set off a second wave. At this stage, under the background of accelerated urbanization in China, the focus is on the comprehensive application of information technology such as RFID, 3G/4G, cloud computing, and SOA. The system construction presents horizontal and vertical segmentation features. Information sharing is based on shared exchange platforms, with key projects or Collaborative applications are the starting point. On the main body of promotion, the Ministry of Housing and Construction has taken the lead in the ministries and commissions, and selected 290 pilots across the country to extensively explore the path and model of smart city construction. Domestic and foreign software developers, system integrators, equipment vendors, etc. actively participate in the construction of various links. After 2016, the state proposed a new smart city concept, emphasizing data-driven, people-oriented, co-ordination, and effectiveness. Key technologies include Nb-IoT, 5G, big data, artificial intelligence, blockchain, smart city platform and operating system. Etc., the information system evolves toward the horizontal and vertical joint system, and the information sharing mode changes from the motion type to the function sharing. The mode of promotion gradually formed a government-led, market-led pattern. The government's 25 national ministries and commissions were fully integrated, and the telecom operators, software vendors, integrators, and Internet companies in the market gathered together. The smart city standardization system is becoming more and more sound. Following the introduction of the first smart city national standard ¡°GB/T 33356-2016 new smart city evaluation index¡± in 2016, China has released five smart city national standards in 2017, and the smart city standard in 2018. It has released up to 11 items, covering top-level design, platform, technology application and data fusion, and has become a key year for the comprehensive establishment of the smart city standard specification system. The multi-level, all-round and intensively released standard system points out the direction for the healthy and orderly development of new smart cities, and also lays the basic conditions for the cooperation of various industrial entities, marking the smart city from the exploration stage to the standardized development stage, which will further bring wisdom. The accumulation of urban industrial ecology. Intelligent infrastructure to help improve urban carrying capacity Various urban infrastructures based on technologies such as mobile Internet of Things, gradually realize large-scale intelligent upgrades, which will greatly enhance urban carrying capacity. At present, Nb-IoT-based smart meter reading, intelligent parking, smart manhole cover and other applications emerge one after another, and the intelligent infrastructure that has the greatest impact on the future is the intelligent upgrade of multi-functional smart poles and road facilities. With the rapid growth of urban-level awareness infrastructure construction, the need for integrated deployment of sensing facilities is becoming more and more urgent. Multi-functional smart poles integrate wireless communication, information interaction, intelligent lighting, video surveillance, traffic management, environmental monitoring, emergency assistance and other functions. In one, it may become an integrated carrier of new sensing facilities, and gradually complete installation, overall deployment and joint construction and sharing. In 2018, Shenzhen issued the "Shenzhen Multi-Pole Intelligent System Technology and Engineering Construction Specification", and launched a multi-functional smart rod construction operation, which was fully rolled out and installed throughout the city. Unmanned technology drives intelligent upgrading of urban road facilities, and multiple cities are preemptively deploying test site facilities. For example, Yizhuang in Beijing built the country's first unmanned pilot road, and reconstructed signals, signs and markings to facilitate the identification of autonomous vehicles; Shanghai opened the unmanned open road from 5.6 km to 12 km in 2018, and actively researched and developed The first new road marking system in the country; Wuhan deployed the first 260 sets of intelligent traffic signs based on NB-IoT to lay the basic conditions for road construction for unmanned driving. The wide application of artificial intelligence technology will greatly improve the level of urban governance services. Artificial intelligence technology will greatly improve the level of public service and social governance, and will completely change the problem of poor citizen satisfaction and low perception in traditional smart cities. Comrade Xi Jinping recently stressed that it is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and social governance, promote the construction of smart cities, and use artificial intelligence to improve the level of public services and social governance. In recent years, artificial intelligence technology has achieved remarkable results in many fields such as public security, health care, and transportation in smart cities. For example, the Beijing Public Security System uses artificial intelligence technology to efficiently process massive cases and police data. The machine brain can process 12,000 letters per hour, and the results of keyword matching can be retrieved within 0.3 seconds, which can be established in every 10,000 report letters. With 8 million clues, the prediction accuracy for the police is as high as 92%. Internet companies have become the new promoters of new smart city construction. In addition to equipment manufacturers, integrators and other smart city traditional practitioners, Internet companies have become new market entrants, using artificial intelligence or Internet portals as a starting point for new smart cities, with technology, users, Advantages such as platform and innovation capability quickly seize market share and enrich the new smart city industrial ecosystem. For example, Alibaba proposed the urban brain in Hangzhou in 2016, and launched the urban brain 1.0 and 2.0 versions in 2017 and 2018 respectively, and proposed to fully open the AI ??capability of the urban brain platform to provide computing power and data in eight areas such as urban transportation and medical care. Algorithms, management models, etc., to gather upstream and downstream practitioners, trying to build a smart city super ecosystem centered on Alibaba. In 2017, Tencent jointly established Digital Guangdong Network Construction Co., Ltd. with Telecom, Mobile and China Unicom to provide full-process technical support for Guangdong's digital government reform. In 2018, it launched the Guangdong Provincial App, and integrated the Guangdong public service with WeChat as the portal. Super App in the Smart City area. Hierarchical classification has become the basic orientation of new smart city construction. Different regions, different levels, and different types of cities have different development orientations and different focuses. Different cities have different economic, social, geographic, natural, and industrial basic conditions. There is a big difference between the development goals and the development goals. There is no single unified solution for all cities. It is necessary to comprehensively consider the orientation of urban development, the level of economic and social development, the size of the population, the location characteristics, adapt to local conditions, find the right location, and find targeted development paths for various cities. In general, it should support the mega-city to benchmark the international advanced level and build a world-class smart city group; provincial cities play a role in radiation, forming a regional economic and social activity center; prefecture-level cities and county-level cities focus on urban and rural planning, Reduce the digital divide and promote balanced development; promote the characteristic and differentiated development of new urban areas and small towns. Among all kinds of smart cities, the new city new district will become the highlight of the next stage to explore innovation. Xincheng New District is a new carrier of new urbanization and a test field for the development of smart cities. The new city new district will use the urban information model as the key technology to build digital twin cities or will become the next vent. The digital twin city is a city information model (CIM) based on data-driven, software-defined, platform-supported, and virtual-real interaction. It enables the digital city and the real city to be synchronously planned and synchronized, realizing the whole process and all-factor digitalization, and realizing the city's full state real-time. And visualization and urban management decision-making and service synergy and intelligence. The Xi'an New District and the Beijing Sub-center have widely used CIM technology to build digital twin cities.