Defiance of technology to upgrade brand strategy to accelerate AIOT layout With the third wave of technological revolution, artificial intelligence (AI) combined with Internet of Things (IoT) AioT has become a new trend, the next 2-3 years, the Internet of Things Will become the backbone of the industry, and artificial intelligence will truly become an essential tool. Based on this, China's artificial intelligence unicorn enterprise defiance technology has previously upgraded its brand strategy and accelerated its layout in the AioT ecosystem. At the same time, Destiny Technology also highlighted the upgrade strategy of technology and scene in the official announcement of the brand upgrade from ¡°Face++ Defiance¡± to ¡°Megvii Defiance¡±. In terms of technology, the core technology of defying technology is upgraded from face recognition platform Face++ to systematic AI algorithm engine Brain++, which pulls all-factor and full-process production from data to deployment algorithm; in terms of scene, defiance technology from urban management Vertical scenes such as logistics, retail, real estate, mobile phone, and finance are upgraded to urban brains with urban sensors as the core, personal life brains with mobile phones as the core, and supply chain brains with intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, and intelligent retail as the core. IoT scenario business group. Among them, in the three major IoT scene business groups, Vision Technology has achieved product landing in the urban brain IoT scene, and its urban management AI products have been running in more than 260 cities across the country; in the supply chain brain IoT scene, defying intelligent robot deployment It has more than 5,000 units, and the largest 500 robotic warehouses in Asia have achieved more than 80,000 boxes of double 11 out of the day. In the personal life brain IoT scene, the scorn smart terminal solution has provided more than 70% of Android phones with brushing faces. Unlocking services, innovative services such as face payment, 3D modeling, portrait light effects, and super image quality bring more wonderful experiences to mobile phone users. In addition, Vision Technology also focuses on the release of HETU, the core of the robot strategy, which is a one-stop solution for the rapid integration of robotics and logistics, manufacturing, and one-stop solution planning, simulation, implementation, and operation. The system is one of the core directions of Vision Technology under the AIOT strategy. In the future, with the continuous implementation of the three major scenes, Defiance Technology will truly build its own AI algorithm engine and IoT operating system, which will become the cornerstone of the core products of contempt for commercial competition in the next decade. In addition to the brand strategy, the role of contempt technology is constantly upgrading, from the solution provider, the ecological participants, to the current supply chain initiator, the platform core. In the future, as a unicorn of China's artificial intelligence enterprise, Defiance Technology will fulfill its new mission, "to continue to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology."