Defiance Technology Face++ United Technologies Department made a heavy debut at the 2018 Shanghai International Trade FairOn April 19th, the 6th China (Shanghai) International Technology Import and Export Fair (referred to as the ¡°Shandong Fair¡±) was grandly opened in Shanghai. In the context of the rapid development of the artificial intelligence industry and the increasing number of machine generations, this exhibition It has aroused widespread concern in various industries at home and abroad. Among them, China's artificial intelligence leading company Defying Technology Face++ also displayed the latest artificial intelligence cutting-edge technology in the exhibition area opened by the Ministry of Science and Technology. In addition, Defiance also provided face recognition welcome technical support for the exhibition's admission service, showing the world's advanced AI technology in the most intuitive way. The 6th Shanghai International Trade Fair was the first national, international and professional technology trade exhibition approved by the State Council. The theme of this session of the Shanghai Stock Exchange is ¡°Innovation Drives Development, Protects Intellectual Property, and Promotes Technology Trade¡±. With a total exhibition area of ??35,000 square meters, it not only brings together the top technology companies in China, but also high-tech companies from the United States, Germany, Britain, Singapore, Japan, Russia, Finland, Mexico and other countries to participate in the world. Presenting a large-scale international technology feast. In recent years, contempt for its own in the field of artificial intelligence, whether in technology research and development or in the industry, has reached the forefront of the world artificial intelligence stage, this contempt with many innovations has become a debut A highlight of the rendezvous. In the artificial intelligence high-tech exhibition area opened by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the latest end-to-end intelligent security technology and the new intelligent intelligent remodeling technology of mobile phones were displayed, which attracted many visitors. The Shanghai International Trade Fair defied the security and mobile phone market with a wide range of artificial intelligence application scenarios. In the long-term exploration practice, it despised the leading urban face recognition and video structuring technologies to create a ¡°city eye¡± intelligent security system. Through its own end-to-end product + solution system, it provides technical support for public security, lost elderly and children's recovery, and has been implemented in the public security system of 32 provinces and cities nationwide. In the intelligent reshaping business of mobile phones, the company has developed face-to-face unlocking and portrait light-effect technology based on the needs of the new era of the mobile phone industry, providing intelligent security and image processing services for mobile phones, including vivo, millet and glory. In-depth application of almost all domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturers, including Mito and Hammer. The leading edge of many technologies and landings has also made contempt to be a hotspot for the exhibition area of ??the S&T Science and Technology Department, attracting experts from various industries to come to inquire. Li Meng, deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology, and Ni Yuegang, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce, and other leaders of the ministries and commissions also came to the exhibition area to understand the status quo of enterprise and technology development. Li Meng, deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology, visited Niu Ganggang, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce, to visit the exhibition area. At the same time, this year's Shanghai International Trade Fair held a number of science and technology forums, among which the most concerned artificial intelligence field, despising technology Face++ Marketing Director Zhang Xin was invited to attend and gave a keynote speech to the world's guests. Zhang Xin said that contempt for the development of artificial intelligence, combined with the core scenes of the financial, security, mobile phone and other industries to develop a number of "AI +" leading technology, only rooted in the industry can achieve rapid growth of intelligent business. Zhang Xin, the marketing director of Face++ Technology, shared his contempt for the development status at the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In another sub-forum discussion on robots, Zhang Xin also revealed his strategic adjustment in the future. Defiance believes that the future of mankind must be based on "AI+IoT", so artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things are inseparable. The artificial intelligence industry should not only focus on algorithms, computing power, but also empowerment. The terminal opens up the link between people, people and things, things and things. At present, Defiance has completed the acquisition of the intelligent storage robot company Ai Ruisi, and will regard the intelligent robot as one of the company's key development targets, as an entry point for in-depth intelligent manufacturing and intelligent object. Zhang Xin said that the company has unique advantages in face recognition and other technologies. In recent years, the company has responded to the national ¡°13th Five-Year Plan¡± and gradually shifted its business focus to robotic applications based on artificial intelligence technology. . This time, together with Ai Ruisi, will help the implementation of the company's future development plan. ¡°Defiance Technology has strong technology and product research and development advantages. Ai Ruisi has the hardware advantages of robot design and development. The advantages of the two parties are combined to complement each other, which helps to continuously improve the performance of intelligent robot products and promote the domestic machine generation process. Refueling!" Through this event, Despise Technology once again went abroad as a representative enterprise in the technological powers, letting China's smart technology shine on the international stage. In the future, we will continue to innovate R&D of artificial intelligence and promote the explosive development of China's artificial intelligence industry with more leading scale industries.Defiance of science and technology to undertake the special core project of national key research and development planOn May 4th, the Ministry of Science and Technology officially announced the list of six key special projects of the first batch of national key R&D plans in 2018, including one 2017 key special project and five 2018 key special projects, focusing on ¡°transformability¡±. "Technical key scientific issues", "big science device frontier research", "protein machine and life process regulation", "quantum control and quantum information", "nanotechnology" and "global change and response" field, the total project funding exceeds 1.6 billion yuan. Defying the list of proposed core projects for the national key R&D plan, there are 86 projects from 53 units, 47 of which are led by 23 universities. Xi'an Jiaotong University is honored to be one of them, taking the lead in hosting the national key plan R&D project ¡°Next Generation Deep Learning Theory, Method and Key Technology¡±, defiance of science and technology, Tsinghua University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, University of Science and Technology of China, Institute of Computing Technology of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Sichuan Changhong is a joint undertaking unit. The project is affiliated to the special project ¡°Key Scientific Issues of Transformative Technology¡±. The central government has a budget of 27.22 million yuan, and the project execution cycle is 5 years. Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Vision Technology Face++, is the project leader. It is reported that the project has a total of five sub-projects, among which the subject of Vision Technology is ¡°the theoretical framework and analysis method of the deep learning work mechanism¡±, and the project leader is Sun Jian; other project names, organizers and responsible persons can see the following figure. : Frontier enterprises provide scientific and technological support for national strategy. This year, the rapid development of deep learning technology and artificial intelligence has drawn the eyes of China and the world, and has gradually become a key factor in the country's competitive hard power. In March 2017, in the government work report of the Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress, ¡°Artificial Intelligence¡± was first written into the government work report. Since then, government documents on the development of artificial intelligence have emerged. The most detailed content, the clearest industry context, and the most clear goal are the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± issued by the State Council on July 20, 2017 ( Hereinafter referred to as "Planning"). The "Planning" further defines the strategic goals and key tasks for the development of China's artificial intelligence industry. It stipulates that by 2025, the basic theory of artificial intelligence will achieve a major breakthrough, and some technologies and applications will reach the world's leading level. Artificial intelligence will become China's industrial upgrading and economic transformation. The main driving force, the positive progress of the intelligent society construction; and stressed the need to look forward to the layout of major science and technology projects, aiming at the major basic theories and common key technology bottlenecks unique to the new generation of artificial intelligence, strengthen the overall coordination, and form a new generation of artificial intelligence major science and technology projects The core, an artificial intelligence project that coordinates the current and future R&D missions. It can be seen that the Chinese government pays unprecedented attention to the basic theory and core technology of artificial intelligence, and proposes a grand decision-making that takes the major science and technology projects as the core and captures the global artificial intelligence basic theory high ground and the core technology frontier through the layout of artificial intelligence project groups. The national key R&D plan was officially implemented since 2006, mainly from the original National Key Basic Research and Development Program (973 Program), the National High Technology Research and Development Program (863 Program), the National Science and Technology Support Program, the International Science and Technology Cooperation and Exchange Program, and the Industry. The technology research and development fund and the public welfare industry research project are integrated. The national major science and technology project has always provided strong support for China's scientific and technological development. This time, with the approval of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University took the lead in undertaking and despising the artificial intelligence project under the responsibility of Dr. Sun Jian, the dean of the Science and Technology Research Institute, which can be regarded as a more specific development and implementation of the "Planning". As a part of promoting the development of China's new generation of artificial intelligence, defiance of science and technology to undertake research on the subject, from the government's point of view, is a certainty and trust in contempt for technology; from contempt for itself, it is a responsibility for the country. And responsibility. Artificial intelligence has been proposed since 1956. It has been more than 60 years old. During the period when the theoretical paradigm has been transformed, the industry encounters many ups and downs. Finally, from 2012, it has ushered in an unprecedented AI Spring, in which deep neural networks, or deep learning is a strong color. One stroke. Deep learning technology has achieved great success in the fields of intelligent robot, image recognition, speech recognition, natural language processing, etc. due to its automatic and efficient feature expression and classification ability. It is one of the important directions of the new generation of artificial intelligence development strategy in China. The development strategy of the government's "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan". However, the existing deep learning methods have inherent defects, and it is difficult to meet the ever-expanding application requirements in an open environment. It is difficult to realize the synchronization of the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence with the world advanced level, which has become a bottleneck restricting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence. Therefore, in order to establish the next generation of deep learning theory framework and key technology systems have extremely urgent needs. The implementation of this project will help to propose innovative methods and core technologies to meet the major needs of ubiquitous, high-risk, high-reliability and other application scenarios, and paving the way for AI to empower hundreds of industries from the perspective of the underlying technology. Making artificial intelligence technology a new way to improve people's livelihood will help build a safe and convenient intelligent society and further promote the deployment and implementation of China's artificial intelligence national strategy. At the same time, the project is also conducive to defying science and technology to strengthen research cooperation with academic representatives such as Xi'an University of Science and Technology and Tsinghua University, promote the development of industry-university-research cooperation, further master the key technologies of artificial intelligence, and consolidate the status of the global machine vision artificial intelligence industry leader. Towards the vision of using artificial intelligence to empower humanity.Despise technology to bring new life AI solutionsOn May 24th, the retail industry AI solution service provider defied Technology Face++ and domestic convenience store digital new retail enabler - Fresh Life, officially announced strategic cooperation at the 2018 China Convenience Store Conference, and will jointly set up labor The Intelligent New Retail Research Institute, Wu Wenyi, Partner of Face++ Technology and Senior Vice President of Cloud Business Department, and Xiao Xin, Chairman and CEO of Fresh Life, attended the signing ceremony on behalf of both parties. After the cooperation is reached, the two parties will combine their respective advantages to research and develop the application of the digital retail new solution based on artificial intelligence and Internet of Things technology in the convenience store scene to efficiently bridge the huge scale of physical retail and virtual retail, and strive to build Create a new retail smart internet network driven by ¡°AI+IoT¡± and consisting of ¡°retail cloud¡± and ¡°smart end¡±. Using AI to activate digitalization of retail scenes If 2017 is the first year of ¡°new retail¡±, e-commerce is no longer the main battlefield of the retail industry. The superposition of Internet, big data and artificial intelligence technology has catalyzed innovations such as face payment and unmanned supermarkets. Application and business model, the traditional retail industry is undergoing a top-down business transformation of the consumer industry, "new retail" will form a more efficient retail retail and virtual retail seamless integration of the new retail format. After a year of development, the concept of new retail has been successfully implemented in China and has a multi-polar development trend. In 2018, new retail will usher in rapid development and full expansion. Fresh Life is the nation's leading convenience store digital new retail enabler, and its convenient store network spreads all over the country. At the end of last year, Fresh Life Cooperative Easy Fruit and Greentown Services acquired a good neighbor in full capital, and as a national partner of Tmall Supermarket 1 hour business, it has landed in more than 20 cities and pre-located warehouses. In the four-day promotion of Beijing, which started on May 8th, more than 300 convenience stores owned by Fresh Life and Tmall have cooperated for one hour, and have achieved a score of 100,000. Fresh Life hopes to continue to improve the efficiency of all aspects of online and offline through the use of new retail AI solutions. As more and more emerging retail stores land, the abstract new retail concept has a figurative representation, and convenience stores in the terminal retail industry have become the key to breaking new retail. After the turmoil of 2017, the convenience store industry must tap new values ??and competition points from the source of the industry. Xiao Xin, CEO of Fresh Life, said in a speech at the 2018 China Convenience Store Conference that Fresh Life is deepening its digitalization and even redefining itself as a digital operator of convenience stores. He believes that the industry upgrade is inseparable from the most cutting-edge technologies such as data, algorithms and artificial intelligence. The fresh life needs to be based on every link of convenience store consumption, complete network and intelligence, and create a fully digital platform for online and offline integration. . Therefore, the combination of artificial intelligence enterprises and convenience store industry has become an inevitable trend, and this has also spawned the cooperation between Fresh Life and Vision Technology Face++. Fresh Life CEO Xiao Xin is one of the world's "most intelligent" companies and major AI technology breakthroughs. Defying Technology Face++ is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the world to implement face recognition and other computer vision products using deep learning technology. Based on the original deep learning algorithm engine MegBrain, Vision Technology Face++ is deeply rooted in the three core areas of urban management, consumer terminals and retail logistics, and empowers urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles to build a digital and intelligent IOT data network. . Among them, the offline retail scene data is missing, the pain point of data-driven decision-making cannot be used, and the industry-leading computer vision algorithm and the object-sensing terminal system are despised, and a new cloud industry + smart-end new retail industry solution is independently developed. Program. It can multi-dimensionally sense and understand the identity attributes of customers and the behavior information that occurs during the consumption process and the various types of data triggered in the scene, and help the merchants improve the capability boundary of the store operators through the fusion analysis and deep mining of the data. Optimize business strategy and supply chain management to achieve cost reduction and efficiency enhancement in the process of data processing in stores. It is understood that the smart digitization solutions of most retail stores on the market currently come from defying the retail team. Despise x Fresh Life Wisdom Store Hangzhou Land According to reports, the new retail AI solution of Vision Technology Face++ has been successfully applied in Hangzhou. From the facade, this convenience store is no different from other stores, but at the China Convenience Store Conference, Xiao Xin showed the rich wisdom of this new convenience store. Defying the technology Face++ and the fresh life cooperation digital smart store landing in Hangzhou In this smart store, when consumers enter the convenience store, the smart terminal deployed in the store can capture the consumer and its membership for the first time. Identification and confirmation, through the core technology of attribute analysis, trajectory tracking, product identification and intelligent shelf sensing terminal, digitally upgrade the physical store to help the merchant to grasp the in-store customers under different conditions (age, gender, identity, time, etc.) in real time. Group dynamic trend, regional thermal distribution and commodity consumption preferences. Combined with the existing ERP/CRM data of the retail enterprise, the deep-separated model is used to model the data after integration, and intelligently solve the problem of what goods need to be entered in the store, when to purchase the goods, and how many goods to enter; and can help the store to build users. The group's favorite portraits are implemented in user consumption recommendations in different scenarios. This intelligent auxiliary business decision-making system realized by AI+IoT can enable traditional retail operators to enhance the store manager's ability in a short period of time, so that the young inexperienced store manager can quickly reach the store manager level of 5-10 years. Xiao Xin, chairman and CEO of Fresh Life, said that the digital model has had a significant effect on the upgrade of good neighbors. Compared with traditional stores, the daily order volume has increased by an average of 130% year-on-year; the inventory turnover rate has increased by 110%; The repurchase rate has increased by 100%; the service radius has increased from one kilometer to three kilometers. Fresh Life has mature experience in retail supply chain resources and operations, and will join forces with contempt in the future to empower more retail industry partners through technology and services. Wu Wenzhao, Partner of Face++ Technology and Senior Vice President of Cloud Division, defied Wu Wenzhao's view of the future of the new retail sector. The new retail should be driven by artificial intelligence, big data and IoT technologies. ¡°The retail logistics industry is defying the field that is being ploughed. We hope to combine the artificial intelligence perception and big data capabilities to help retailers better understand consumers and better understand them, and finally bring them to the public. The more perfect the consumer service and environment. The cooperation with the fresh life is a milestone in the process of leading the transformation of the retail industry. The two sides have a lot of imagination in the future.¡± It can be seen that in the future of the new retail industry, embracing technology is an inevitable trend. Artificial intelligence, big data, and IoT technology are destined to penetrate every aspect of retail. This change will not only subvert existing retail formats, but will also change people's consumption experience. For the merchants, reducing costs and increasing efficiency, building a temperature-consuming consumer environment for consumers is a constant pursuit. The contempt for the comprehensive cooperation between Face++ and the fresh life and good neighbors has set a new benchmark for the new retail industry.Defiance technology settled in Hangzhou, accelerate the promotion of intelligent security businessOn the afternoon of June 6, the Chinese unicorn company in the field of artificial intelligence defied technology and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hangzhou City at the opening ceremony of the foundation of the China (Hangzhou) Unicorn Enterprise Park. It officially settled in Hangzhou. Zhou Guohui, vice chairman of the Zhejiang Provincial Political Consultative Conference, Xu Liyi, deputy secretary of the Hangzhou Municipal Committee, and deputy director of the Torch High-tech Industry Development Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Mao Xihao, member of the Standing Committee of the Hangzhou Municipal Committee, Yuhang District Party Committee, Chen Rugen, the head of the Yuhang District, and other provincial and municipal leaders for Hangzhou The Unicorn Business Incubation Park unveiled and certified the company to sign. Leaders at all levels in Zhejiang and Hangzhou jointly witnessed contempt and signing with Hangzhou to play the role of AI unicorns to promote the upgrade of Hangzhou's smart economy. It is reported that Vision Technology is a pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence in China, and will be promoted together with the Hangzhou Municipal Government after landing in Hangzhou. The artificial intelligence related industries and sectors are working in the future science and technology city of Hangzhou. According to the agreement, DeVision Technology will set up a wholly-owned subsidiary in Hangzhou to build a smart security business headquarters and intelligent hardware headquarters; and through a series of industry and project cooperation, improve the overall level of artificial intelligence industry development in Hangzhou and the National Science and Technology Innovation Center. status. At the signing ceremony, Mayor Xu said that the unicorn enterprises have played an important leading role in the upgrading of new technologies, new formats and new models in various industries. Therefore, the Hangzhou Municipal Government and the Yuhang District Government jointly formulated a set of unicorns. Enterprise development policy, and hope to create a national unicorn enterprise growth paradise, attracting senior unicorn enterprises like contempt and nailing to settle in Hangzhou, accelerate the accumulation and development of Hangzhou's emerging industries and future industries, and further promote Hangzhou's economic transformation. upgrade. As the representative of the signing company, Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, said in the guest sharing session: ¡°Defiance of technology as a representative of artificial intelligence unicorn enterprises is the earliest domestic research and development of artificial intelligence independent innovation technology and the earliest realization of artificial intelligence scale industry. One of the enterprises in the application. In the long-term development practice, contempt for deep understanding that the city is the foothold and focus of enterprise development, so we very much hope to land in the economic and scientific fields such as Hangzhou and realize the rapid development of the enterprise. At the same time, it also helped Hangzhou to become the vanguard of artificial intelligence development in Zhejiang Province and even the whole country.¡± Fu Yingbo, President of Defiance Technology, delivered a speech at the ceremony to build an AI+IoT Perceptual IoT system to build a new wisdom Hangzhou, Hangzhou, as the political and economical of Zhejiang Province. The cultural and financial centers, as well as China's important e-commerce centers, have taken the lead in the development of the emerging Internet technology industry in recent years. Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City is one of the four future science and technology cities in China identified by the Central Organization Department and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. In 2016, it was approved as the first batch of dual-innovation demonstration bases in China (the only one in Zhejiang Province), and was listed as the construction of the Hangzhou City Science and Technology Innovation Corridor. Focus on the core area, demonstration area, and lead area. In recent years, the future Science and Technology City has seized the development opportunities of ¡°mass entrepreneurship and innovation¡±, and has launched the construction of innovative and entrepreneurial carriers such as Dream Town and China (Hangzhou) Artificial Intelligence Town, which has injected a strong impetus into the development of regional economy. . Dedicated technology was founded in 2011. Since its establishment seven years ago, Defiance has been committed to the world's leading machine vision artificial intelligence technology and product development. At present, many of the artificial intelligence technologies despised have won more than 10 international authoritative technical evaluations. It also builds the world's leading face recognition cloud platform on the product side, and a number of world-leading smart hardware innovations, providing convenient and efficient intelligent services to users in more than 200 countries around the world. In the list of unicorns released by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology of China, it has been ranked first in the artificial intelligence unicorn enterprise for two consecutive years and has become one of the most representative ¡°senior unicorn¡± enterprises in the country. Among the top 50 smartest companies in the world published by the authoritative academic journal MIT Technology Review, Vision Technology has surpassed many high-tech giants and ranked first among new startups. Xie Peng (second from left), vice president of Vision Technology, together with the leaders, laid the foundation for the China (Hangzhou) Unicorn Enterprise Park and despised the presence of Hangzhou. He will continue to play his leading scientific and commercial leadership in the field of artificial intelligence. In the future, we will build a basic IoT awareness system for AI+IoT in the fields of consumer terminals, urban management, and retail logistics in Hangzhou, accelerate the development of the integration of artificial intelligence and real economy in Hangzhou, and promote the intelligent digital city construction in Hangzhou.Defying the core agent conference of science and technology to hold a comprehensive vision of the development direction of AI+ industryOn May 22nd, the 2018 Defiance Technology Core Agents Conference was officially held in Beijing. Fu Yingbo, the president of Defiance Technology, and the General Manager of the Technology Industry Federation, met with many contempt partners and agents from all over the country. Beijing Taifu Hotel, jointly look forward to and plan for the future development direction of AI+ industry. At the same time, at this meeting, contempt also reached a total project cooperation with partners of more than 160 million yuan. In recent years, as the leading machine vision artificial intelligence product company in China, Vision Technology is gradually realizing the deep visualization of AI full scenes in various fields of the city through computer innovation based on self-developed deep learning algorithms. As an industry leader in ignoring one of its core businesses, it has despised the in-depth exploration of AI+ since 2015, and gradually established a product development, QA testing, business sales, service delivery, etc. The complete team of the link is dedicated to using the AI ??to perceive the empowerment industry and make people's lives better for AI. In 2018, contempt for upgrading the industry's IoT business model again, hoping to make a comprehensive cost reduction and efficiency upgrade for all areas of society through extensive storage of component warehouses and deep deconstruction of industry scenarios, as a bridge between AI hardware and industry scenarios. It brings intelligent and revolutionary improvement to human food, clothing, housing and transportation. Fu Yingbo, president of Defiance Technology, said: "First of all, I am very grateful to the dedication of all partners. I despise the power of partners in the development of artificial intelligence. The current artificial intelligence as the fourth wave of technological revolution, Its impact on the human world will far exceed the wave of the Internet revolution. Before such a huge development opportunity, the choice of a single-handed development model cannot survive for a long time in the fiercely competitive industry, and despise as a pioneer of artificial intelligence. It has repeatedly achieved world-class technological breakthroughs and innovations. This is not only a contempt for one's own efforts, but also a result of cooperation with all partners. In 2018, I hope to further explore the digital and intelligent world of the physical world. The road to transformation, with the ignorance of the new intelligent industry IoT business system, accelerates the process of artificial intelligence to change the world." Fu Ying Technology President Fu Yingbo attended the meeting, despising the general manager of the technology industry, the plains to all partners The agent introduced the "2018 Defiance Industry Industry Development Plan". Plain Interpretation said that in the contempt, the industry's IoT field is in the future an important AI application market in the security field, and the deep intelligent transformation of the industry's IoT is an important part of building smart city AI+IoT infrastructure. Steps are also a key branch of creating a deeper intelligent human society in the future. In the specific design of the plan, the plain introduced: "Despise the future based on the four basic levels of industry-based object-awareness, network, platform and application, with building real estate, commercial chains, and educational institutions as the core enabling scenes, the main face recognition The technology combines the soft and hard integrated intelligent product system of white list, VIP identity verification and attendance analysis, and continues to expand the broader industry intellectual property intelligent market by building a mutually beneficial and win-win industry ecology with all partners and agents. Defying the general manager of the technology industry, the General Assembly of the People's Federation of the People's Republic of China, attended the meeting and despised the technology industry's products, sales and delivery of the Three Musketeers, followed by Destiny Technology's product development, sales channels and service delivery. Everyone made a detailed introduction and strived to provide partners and agents with more optimized algorithms, more powerful products and better services in the new year. In addition, in order to thank the partners for their long-term strong support for contempt, we also formally signed a core partnership agreement with CapitaLand at this meeting to consolidate and expand the deep cooperation between the two parties in the fields of building construction, commercial retail and so on; At the same time, contempt also held a core agent awarding ceremony for many outstanding agents from all over the country. CapitaLand Group officially became the core customer of Vision Technology. Vision Technology is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in China to use commercial learning applications with deep learning technology. It is also the world's "most intelligent" company and an important AI technology breakthrough. At present, Defiance is committed to building an online, digital, and intelligent IoT data network by enabling urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones, and automobiles to truly advance the digital world. In the industry of the industry, there are many buildings, commercial chains, educational institutions, community access control and many other digital and intelligent blessings. In the process of changing the world with artificial intelligence technology, contempt will always regard the AI+ industry as a link. The core cultivation business creates more beautiful for the world.Defiance Technology was invited to participate in the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium to actively promote international technical exchanges and cooperation.On June 25th, Premier Li Keqiang and French Prime Minister Philippe attended the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium in the Great Hall of the People and exchanged views with representatives from the business circles of China and France. Defiance Technology was invited as the only artificial intelligence company to participate, and President Fu Yingbo represented the company at the symposium and exchange dinner. The symposium was co-sponsored by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the French Ministry of Economics and Finance to promote exchanges and cooperation between the Chinese and French business communities. The heads of Chinese and French companies from China Dongfeng Motor Group, China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, AVIC Group, Huawei, Tencent, Vision Technology, Schneider Electric Group, and the French-French Group conducted in-depth exchanges and discussions on scientific and technological innovation cooperation between the two countries. . Li Keqiang delivered a speech after listening to the representatives of the entrepreneurs of both sides. Li Keqiang said that China and France have a traditional and long-term basis for cooperation. China strongly encourages and supports the strengthening of exchanges between Chinese and French entrepreneurs and explores broader areas of cooperation. He stressed that it is necessary to give full play to the dialogue and exchange mechanism between Chinese and French entrepreneurs, adhere to open and honest communication methods, effectively solve problems encountered in cooperation, and promote China and France to achieve new results in the field of pragmatic cooperation. It is worth noting that artificial intelligence has become a new force in the global economy. In addition to industrial manufacturing, aerospace and other national heavyweights and traditional Internet giants, the seminar also invited representatives of leading-edge technology companies such as artificial intelligence to participate in the exchange. In recent years, the rapid development of artificial intelligence has made it a new economic engine that cannot be ignored in the world and a hard indicator for measuring the core competitiveness of the next stage of the country. At present, China's artificial intelligence technology research and development and market application are already leading the world. In particular, with the support and encouragement of state-level industrial policies, a batch of artificial intelligence enterprises in China have sprung up. Defiance Technology is one of the earliest AI companies in China to use deep learning to carry out artificial intelligence application research. In less than 7 years, Despise Technology has continued to lead the independent innovation level of China's related artificial intelligence industry. Log in to the "China Unicorn" list and be at the top of the computer vision artificial intelligence company. In July 2017, Defiance was invited to participate in the semi-annual economic situation symposium hosted by Premier Li Keqiang and reported on ¡°innovation? New kinetic energy¡±. The ignorant independent original technology won high recognition from the Prime Minister. ¡ø Demonstration Technology Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi was invited to participate in the Economic Situation Expert Entrepreneur Symposium and report to Premier Li Keqiang, scorning the world's leading edge AI technology while maintaining the core technology of self-developed original technology, while despising international The basic technology output on it has also been strengthened. In May 2017, the core face recognition technology of Defiance Technology was rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies in 2017 by the famous American technology review magazine ¡°MIT Technology Review¡±. At the same time, it was listed as ¡°the world's smartest company¡±; in October 2017, Defiance of defeating international giants such as Google, Microsoft and Facebook in the MS COCO International Artificial Intelligence Competition, representing Chinese companies to the cutting edge of artificial intelligence vision; in November 2017, defiance of the first in the "Pedestrian Re-identification" core technology field Computers have more recognition capabilities than humans. In the just-concluded CVPR, the world's top computer vision conference, the contempt technology team won two championships in two challenges in the field of video semantic understanding. This time, Defiance Technology was invited to participate in the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium. On the one hand, it reflects the important strategic significance of artificial intelligence development for national development and international technology exchange and cooperation. On the other hand, it is also a high recognition of the country's contempt for technological innovation. Defiance Technology will continue to maintain its technological leadership, actively deploy overseas R&D centers, strengthen technical exchanges and cooperation with leading countries such as France, and vigorously explore overseas markets, leading the global application of advanced technologies of artificial intelligence in China. Under the background of the establishment of a comprehensive strategic partnership between China and France, the China-France Entrepreneur Symposium has established a good platform for Sino-French entrepreneurial exchanges and added new impetus to deepening bilateral relations and exploring innovative cooperation mechanisms. . China and France have broad cooperation space in the fields of information technology, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, and aerospace equipment. We look forward to the creation of more cooperation opportunities through scientific and technological innovation and joint development of the international market.Beyond DeepMind! Defiance Technology won the CVPR Challenge AVA&WAD Double ChampionAs the world's 50 most intelligent companies and original technology in the field of computer vision, Defiance Technology is always at a high level in the artificial intelligence technology challenge that participates in the world. Since winning the three world champions of face recognition in 2013, contempt has accumulated 17 AI skills evaluation champions and first place in the Challenge, and continues to write brilliantly today. During CVPR 2018, multiple challenge results were announced. Among them, Vision Technology participated in the AVA and WAD Challenges, defeated giant companies such as Google DeepMind and Nvidia, and won the "Time and Space Behavior Positioning" and "Instance Video Segmentation" champions. The AVA & WAD Challenges are designed for video semantics and autopilot issues. The Challenge not only gives Vision Technology an opportunity to showcase "technical muscles" on the international stage such as CVPR 2018, but also highlights the strong talents of the Institute. The reserve and excellent technical reserves have also laid the foundation for defying the subsequent product innovation and technology landing. Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology, wrote in his circle of friends: "The team won two task championships for the large-scale motion recognition ActivityNet Challenge and the ApolloScape (currently the largest public data) autopilot challenge. I don't know if you are participating in the competition." This not only reflects the team's super strength and amazing self-drive, but also the "fearless spirit of the ignorant" advocated by the institute. The following is a technical interpretation of the AVA & WAD Challenge by Dr. Yu Gang and others from the Institute of Science and Technology, and its impact on the product system. The AVA Challenge ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge (ActivityNet Challenge) is a large-scale challenge in the field of computer vision. It has been successfully held for three times since 2016. The ActivityNet Challenge focuses on identifying everyday and goal-oriented high-level behaviors in Internet video portals, which have been published at CVPR and presented in Workshop. ActivityNet Challenge 2018 The award-winning ActivityNet Challenge 2018 consists of six independent tasks (Tasks) designed to further extend the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Task-temporal Action Localization (Spatio-temporal Action Localization) attempts to evaluate algorithms against humans based on the AVA data set. The ability to position time-space information, where each labeled video clip is continuous and exceeds 15 minutes, contains multiple subjects, each subject has multiple behaviors; Task B is divided into #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full) A sub-challenge. In general, the difficulty of this task is to refine the action to the atomic level. It is necessary to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what action has occurred, and what interaction has occurred with other objects/people. From the results, Desperate Technology won the first place in the AVA Challenge with 0.21075 and 0.2099 in the challenge, and Google DeepMind ranked #1 (Vision Only). Dejective researcher Xu Zikai gave a technical explanation in the workshop. Yu Gang, the head of the research team of the Institute, said that the algorithm of the challenge decomposes the task of spatio-temporal action into two subtasks: 1) pedestrian position and 2) based detection The action classification of the location. The winning trick is to use the latest detection technology in the pedestrian detection sub-network, such as Light Head R-CNN; in the action classification sub-network, it combines the latest 3D convolution features, such as I3D, and traditional Two-stream network features to optimize motion classification capabilities. The AVA Challenge won the championship to a certain extent, indicating that the Institute has a strong technical reserve and an excellent talent team. The reason is that the Vision Institute has always attached importance to cultivating and improving interns and researchers through the Challenge. The ability to solve problems autonomously. Through the challenge test and screening technology matrix, strengthening the excellent technical inventory, the formation of a virtuous circle within the contempt research institute, which is one of the important factors that can be regarded as the world's top 50 smart companies and original technology. Take the step from talent to technology, the next step is from technology to product. From the perspective of the company's products, the positioning ability of behavioral spatio-temporal information has a great significance in video semantic analysis. This technology will promote the iteration and update of the contempt technology product system from the underlying factors, better connect the scene and improve The user experience provides real business value; in the future, this technology will play a powerful role in smart cities, smart retail and smart security, and realize the vision of defying technology to empower hundreds of millions of cameras. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is an autopilot recognition challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop, which includes driving area segmentation, road object detection, semantic segmentation adaptation and instance video segmentation. The computer vision algorithm's perception of the external environment; Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires the entrant to achieve instance-level segmentation of moving objects (such as cars and pedestrians) within one frame. The significance of participating in this mission is that the Challenge provides a truly unique opportunity for researchers to solve the most valuable and interesting issues in the field of autonomous driving. Based on ApolloScape, a large-scale dataset labeled by Baidu, the challenge has now opened a pixel-level semantic annotation image of 147,000 frames. It is also worth mentioning that its size is 10+ times that of the current open source dataset of the same type. The fineness has exceeded the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest release of the BDD100K dataset. In the WAD Challenge, Vision Technology won the first place with a score of 0.33986, surpassing the third chip giant NVIDIA by nearly 7 points. WAD Challenge Champion Certificate and Signature Defiance Researcher Li Zeming gave a technical explanation at the workshop. Yu Gang believes that from a technical perspective, the algorithm of the challenge mainly comes from the accumulation of current detection, according to which to optimize small objects in the scene. In the challenge, the team re-sets the anchor of the detection algorithm, which can improve the coverage of small objects, and also update some training strategies, such as higher memory utilization and data enhancement, and enhance small objects. Recall rate. Overall, the team's participation in the autopilot-related challenge reached two main goals: one was to test the versatility of the algorithm in different application scenarios, and to effectively verify the ability to despise its own algorithm; on the other hand, Tested its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double-material championship also confirmed the technical accumulation of the contempt research institute and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. From talent to technology to product landing, this logic applies to the WAD Challenge. The example segmentation technology represented by this challenge is an indispensable core component for the development of autonomous driving. Although Vision Technology is not currently involved in the field of automatic driving, it has already possessed the internationally leading core technical capabilities to broaden the strategic map and improve the future. The product system has laid a solid foundation.Exploring the black technology behind OPPO Find X Defying the true 3D solution of technologyOn the evening of June 19th, France time, the OPPO Find series, which had been quiet for 4 years, officially released the future flagship new machine, OPPO Find X, at the Louvre. Ten days later, OPPO Find X was released in Beijing. As a return to the Find series, Find X once again uses the product to interpret the OPPO's spirit of exploring the future. The radiant body, the front and back without holes and the original dual-track predicate structure make Find X a technological piece of art. This time, Find X not only continued all the advantages of the previous Find series models, but also applied 3D structured light technology in the mass production Android flagship. It became the first to get rid of fingerprints and fully rely on face recognition to unlock and pay. Android phone. Find X's face recognition application based on 3D structured light was jointly developed by OPPO Research Shanghai Software Research Center AI Lab and Vision Technology Face++, making OPPO Find X both overseas and national version with millisecond speed unlocking and 100 One thousandth of an accurate security payment function. The future Android camp can break through the 3D structure light technology bottleneck The rapid development of mobile information technology has made the mobile phone become the "five limbs" of human beings, and the user's requirements for mobile phones (especially for device security and image processing) are getting higher and higher. . People not only want mobile phones to communicate efficiently, but also hope that mobile phones can become the most loyal and trustworthy partners to record and manage their daily lives. We humans observe the three-dimensional world through two eyes. In order to let mobile phones obtain three-dimensional image information like humans, mobile phone manufacturers have successively launched a dual-camera scheme. Although binocular cameras can form three-dimensional images according to the principle of parallax, they are subject to Due to the shooting environment factors such as light and texture, the three-dimensional image generated by double-shot is not satisfactory, and it can not meet the application requirements of 3D verification. Therefore, the structured light technology that uses active projection coded light to acquire 3D information has become a key part of smart phone innovation. In applications, the entire system of 3D structured light includes structured light projection equipment, cameras, image acquisition and processing systems. Through the light emitted by the projection device to the object to be measured, the camera captures the three-dimensional light pattern formed on the object to be measured, and the captured image is processed by the acquisition processing system to obtain the three-dimensional image information of the surface data of the measured object. Simply speaking, the realization principle of 3D structured light is similar to that of the seabed detection. The sonar system determines the depth by reflecting information. However, the application of 3D structured light in mobile phone face recognition is to determine the depth information by reflecting the light on the face. of. Compared to binocular, the effect can get a more complete and more detailed depth map in the same scene. In September 2017, Apple released the iPhone X and launched a new feature called ¡°Face ID¡± for daily unlocking and Apple Pay based on 3D structured light technology. Its ¡°Liu Haiping¡± became a mobile phone manufacturer to follow suit. However, the mass-produced full-screen Android mobile phone launched at that time only imitated Apple's bangs design on the appearance. The real big killer behind the iPhone X ¡°Liu Haiping¡± is the 3D structure light depth camera module. At a media meeting on May 10 this year, OPPO demonstrated to the public the world's first 5G video call based on 3D structured optical technology, and announced that OPPO's 3D structured optical technology is already in mass production conditions. Today, the full launch of OPPO Find X not only fulfills the OPPO commitment, but also completely breaks the situation of the Android camp structure optical technology short board. This technology is no longer the exclusive function of iPhone X. Compared with iPhone X, OPPO Find X breaks through the hardware and process bottlenecks. It replaces Liu Haiping with a full-concealed 3D camera with a dual-track predecessor structure, and has cast the smart phone that is closest to the ¡°true sense of full screen¡±. Unlock + Payment? OPPO ¡Á Despise 3D Structured Light Face Recognition Application Template Compared to traditional face recognition, OPPO Find X's 3D structured light technology can be applied to many scenarios such as secure payment, 3D reconstruction, AR, games, etc. The important application is safe payment, which requires the 3D structured light face recognition algorithm to have a very high level of technology and to achieve the ultimate quality control. OPPO officially introduced the Flood illuminator, the infrared camera, the ranging sensor, and the dot projecter in the dual-track submerged structure of Find X. Using 3D structured light technology, by projecting 15,000 spots of light onto the face, a 3D depth map of millimeter precision is created for the user's face structure, which more accurately recognizes the user's biometrics and quickly compares with the owner information. A contact-free, safer unlock is achieved. It brings a more automated and safer unlocking method, and because of its high security, it has become the first Android phone that can achieve face-lift payment. Based on high-level security features, OPPO works with Alipay to select good products, confirm transactions, and pay only at a glance. Behind such high-precision detection and recognition is the credit for Face++ mobile 3D face recognition solution. Desperate Technology is the world's leading computer vision technology company. It is committed to providing different intelligent solutions for various industries through the ¡°AI+IoT¡± technology. The mobile terminal represented by smart phones is contempt. The most typical scenario for implementing empowerment with AI. Therefore, contempt is not only an IoT builder driven by artificial intelligence, but also a core AI solution provider in the mobile phone industry. "60% of the world's cameras are used on mobile phones." Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of the Technology Cloud Division, said: "In the short term, the primary task of contempt is to empower the world's billion cameras, so the mobile phone market must be The main battlefield." In the middle of 2017, Vision Technology began to lay out the mobile phone market, and then based on core deep learning and computer vision technology, launched face payment, face recognition unlock, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, video beautification, 3D A range of mobile AI products, such as Animoji, to meet the needs of different mobile phone manufacturers in face unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing. In the development of OPPO Find X 3D structured light face scheme, OPPO is regarded as providing three main algorithm model structures, including multi-scale and multi-feature attention detection model, and mobile convolutional neural network ShuffleNet based on self-research. Custom-developed live detection models and adaptive solutions for adaptive network and multi-model fusion. In order to meet the OPPO's ultimate product demand, the defying technology mobile phone unlocking team fought for several months, completed more than one billion face data training and 600,000 benchmark tests, and finally achieved a speed recognition of 0.1 seconds and a 0.03 second reconstruction. And high-precision safety facial recognition with a misrecognition rate of less than one in a million. Defiance of technology mobile phone business product manager said: "We must fully consider the ever-changing application environment of mobile phone users, truly understand the needs of customers and find the best solution. For example, in unlocking the scene, the system should be able to intelligently perceive whether the user is not To really unlock, we have to constantly pay attention to detect whether the user has closed eyes or facial features, etc." OPPO Find X equipped with Vision Technology 3D structured light face recognition scheme can pass the front RGB, infrared and The structured light camera simultaneously collects the color picture, infrared picture and 3D information of the face, and quickly extracts the personal security identification feature from the input face infrared feature information and depth information, and the security feature has 10000+ dimension information, and the algorithm will The extracted security information matches the security information at the time of entry to determine whether the security certification is passed. In terms of experience, whether it is input or unlock is completed in an instant, even in the dark environment, the unlocking efficiency is greatly improved compared with the current face recognition. In terms of security, contempt for the 3D structured light face recognition scheme can effectively resist attacks in the form of photos, videos and even customized silicone masks and 3D print masks, whether in unlocking or in payment applications. Save the straight man to create high-energy portraits and 3D reconstruction is the key. In addition to 3D structured light face recognition unlocking and payment applications, Vision Technology also provides customized static lighting products for OPPO Find X cameras and photo albums. . The OPPO Find X block-level portrait proofs displayed in the conference, the technical work behind it is not simple. Since the front camera mainly serves the self-timer, the characteristic light effects in the contempt scheme mainly include the makeup room light of the simulated dressing room ring-filling lamp, the whitening light of the intelligent incremental skin color, and the partial color light of the background black-and-white processing. It supports the white wall light that replaces the background, the red and blue two-color light that meets the young user, and the Rembrandt light that can be combined with the shooting environment to comply with the natural light rules. In addition to the portrait, there is also a need for still life or landscape image processing, so the post-static effect includes film light, shadow light, two-color light, dimming light and white wall light. In addition, contempt has also been added for Find X. Rainbow Light is the unique light effect of the post-processing of the album. At present, the iPhone X's portrait light technology is mainly used in high-end iPhone models with dual-camera or structured light. It has a strong dependence on hardware, but the final result may not meet the user's needs, especially in removing the background. In the stage light effect, the ambiguity of the apple portrait light effect scheme is more prominent. This is because Apple's portrait light effect is processed according to the distance between the subject and the camera, so it is easy to put things on the same level as the portrait into the post-image processing range, but this is obviously not the real needs of the user. . What users want is to be able to accurately enhance the light effects of portraits and facial features, rather than simply layering people and backgrounds through depth of field. Starting from the pain point of consumers, Vision Technology Face++ uses the advantage of the algorithm to launch the portrait light product of the standard apple. The overall scheme is three-dimensional reconstruction of human face, human body segmentation, depth of field estimation, face key point detection, facial three-dimensional light rendering, T More than 20 technologies, such as high-light highlighting and background protection, can be combined with single-camera, dual-camera, or 3D structured light, TOF, NIR and other depth cameras. However, from the current portrait processing effect, it is possible to achieve a studio-level professional light effect on a 2D single-camera mobile phone, and is superior to the portrait light effector iPhone X?. Different from Apple, the contemptuous portrait light products are not dependent on hardware and therefore more extensive. They can support different platforms and models, and can meet the requirements of front- or rear-mounted single-camera/double-camera applications at the same time. Diversified market demand. ¡°The key to ignoring the portrait light effect product is the image and 3D facial reconstruction.¡± The manager of the Vision Technology Light Effect Product mentioned, ¡°The specific method is to separate the person in the two-dimensional image from the background by an algorithm. The structure light capture and neural network are used to perform three-dimensional reconstruction on the face in the portrait to generate a depth map. The system can enhance the naturalness of the portrait light effect by completely separating the portrait and the background and having the depth map of the face 3D information. Let the light effect naturally transition from the face to the hair, shoulders, arms, body and other areas. The user can choose different light effect modes to control the type, quantity, position, color temperature, light intensity and color of the light source during the post-processing. The advantage of this is that the artifacts achieved by the algorithm are more accurate than the human body obtained by the depth of field alone, which can protect the background from the occurrence of impurities. Technology should be perceived only when needed. Therefore, OPPO has always advocated simplicity and simplicity, and used the concept of art to create the ultimate product. Often, the seemingly minimalist product design has used more thoughts. OPPO Find X has started the first shot of the Android camp's 3D structured light production, and with the popularity of face unlocking and payment applications, it is foreseeable that 3D structured light face recognition will soon be able to replace fingerprints, passwords or PIN code has become the mainstream biometric solution for future mobile risk management. In the future, the combination of artificial intelligence applications and mobile terminals will become more and more tight, and OPPO and Vision Technology Face++ will jointly explore technologies and product development in the field of mobile AI, based on secure payment, 3D reconstruction and image processing to deeper scenes. penetration.Devotion of Science and Technology Yinqi was selected in the MIT TR "35 people under the age of 35 scientific and technological innovation" to lead China's AIOn the morning of June 27th, US local time, the US authoritative sci-tech journal MIT Technology Review officially announced the list of "2018 Global Innovation 35 Undernovators Under? 35 2018". Among them, India, one of the 35 young people under the age of 35, and the co-founder and CEO of Vision Technology, also entered the list, becoming the representative of outstanding young entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence. Since 1999, MIT TR has launched the ¡°35 Technology Innovation Under 35¡± list every year, aiming to select the 35 youngest people who are considered to be the most talented, innovative and most likely to change the world. Technology innovators or entrepreneurs are divided into five categories: inventors, entrepreneurs, visionaries, humanistic caregivers and pioneers. Gideon Lichfield, editor-in-chief of MIT TR, said: "The MIT Technology Review has always been concerned with technological breakthroughs that have the potential to change our lives. Innovators Under? 35 is to recognize the outstanding young people behind these innovative technologies, we hope these Excellent young people can truly bring innovation and technology to the world. As early as 2010, Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology, has won the title of Innovators Under?35; the China area released by MIT TR at the end of January this year. In the list of ¡°35 people under 35 years of technological innovation¡±, Inge also selected this list as an entrepreneur in the field of artificial intelligence in China. With the outstanding development achievements of Inge and Despise in the world, MIT TR Invented India as the outstanding young entrepreneur in the field of artificial intelligence, and the only entrepreneur in China's artificial intelligence field to be selected for this list. Artificial intelligence is now a hot topic in the world; and in 2011 When this field is still quiet, Yin Qi, who just graduated from college, has already built artificial intelligence. Dedicated to the direction of entrepreneurship and even life, we created the Vision Technology together with two other university students, and committed to making artificial intelligence create more beautiful for the human world. Since its establishment, Inch has led the contempt for technological innovation and business practice. It has achieved fruitful results, and contempt has also developed into a leading global artificial intelligence technology company. In the selection of 35 people in the 35-year-old technology innovation youth in China, Inge said that he divided his artificial intelligence journey into two Stage: research and development of AI key technology and entrepreneurial stage, and technological innovation is the most important driving force of scientific entrepreneurs. Therefore, in the past 7 years of entrepreneurship, Inge has always made artificial intelligence technology breakthrough as the axis of belief of the company, prompting contempt In the top international AI competitions, we have beaten giants such as Google, Facebook and Microsoft, and won 16 world technology evaluations. We have more than 700 patents granted at home and abroad, making it the largest artificial intelligence original technology in China. One of the companies. In 2017, the MIT Science and Technology Review also named the face recognition technology despised as ¡°the world's top ten breakthroughs¡±. "Sexual technology", and despise also entered the "50 most intelligent companies in the world" in the same year. Inge hopes to despise the use of artificial intelligence to create more beautiful in the world, the core of which is Chinese autonomy From the perspective of entrepreneurship, Inge believes that technology must combine real-life scenarios to create value. This is an inherent requirement for technology to improve the world, and an important way to reverse technological innovation. Despise is the earliest in the world. One of the artificial intelligence enterprises that implements face recognition products with deep learning technology. It has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched face recognition in various vertical fields. A number of groundbreaking AI products, including payment, face recognition unlocking, and full-frame smart capture. Now, Yinqi is leading the devotee to the computer vision technology such as face recognition and image recognition, deeply combining the three fields of consumer terminal, city management and retail logistics, and empowering urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles. The digital and intelligent IoT data network promotes the development of artificial intelligence technology in China and around the world. The outbreak of artificial intelligence has set off a wave of the fourth technological revolution, and in addition to the technical protagonists as always, each technology leader can not ignore the technological innovations that promote technological innovation and application. Inch is using its own innovative entrepreneurial practices to make contempt grow into the world's top artificial intelligence company, and also make China a pillar force for improving human society. Defiance Technology's wholly-owned acquisition of Ai Ruisi officially entered the intelligent robot business In order to enhance the intelligent manufacturing innovation capability and further improve the AI+IoT layout, Face++ fully acquired the Ares robot and officially entered the intelligent robot. business. Ares robot is committed to the development of core technologies such as intelligent robots, artificial intelligence, and big data, and strives to provide competitive products and solutions for customers in the fields of logistics warehousing and smart factories. Its core technical team members graduated from well-known universities such as Tsinghua University, Beihang University, Harbin Institute of Technology, and Beijing Institute of Technology. They have rich technical accumulation in robotics, intelligent hardware, artificial intelligence, machine vision, big data, cloud computing, etc. Industry work experience. In 2017, Ai Ruisi established its own robot production line, and cooperated with Xinyi Technology, Kejie Logistics and other partners to build a smart warehouse, and successfully applied to the Foxconn factory. In less than a year, Ai Ruisi's products and solutions have been applied to multi-home appliance logistics and warehousing and smart factories. In the e-commerce warehousing, it has successfully withstood the pressure of major festivals such as ¡°Double 11¡± and ¡°Double 12¡±. test. In addition, Ai Ruisi storage robot has also won the 2017 China Electronic Commerce Logistics Best Technology Equipment (Intelligent Robot) Award. Machine vision is one of the fastest growing branches of artificial intelligence and an important technology for developing smart manufacturing. Defiance and Iris have started technology and product cooperation since 2017. Defiance has provided Erics with deep learning-based machine vision and intelligent scheduling algorithm technical support to improve the intelligence of logistics robots and enhance the efficiency of human-computer cooperation. Improve production efficiency, change the business model of warehousing management, and despise the strategic investment in Iris in the same year. This time, Ai Ruisi will join the scorn business matrix, which will provide more abundant and smarter products and solutions for logistics warehousing and smart factories. On the other hand, it will actively explore intelligent robots and new retail and industry associations. Integration of other fields. Previously, I have already had deep cooperation with brands such as Foxconn, Rookie Network, Flash, Convenience Bee, KFC, etc. I believe that with the official development of the scorn robot business, under the vision of ¡°Enhancing the Eye of the Machine and Building the City Brain¡± More and more business scenarios will be unlocked, creating more possibilities for a better life in the city.Defiance of technology into Wuhu to build China's benchmark "AI+IoT" smart city demonstrationOn July 24th, China's artificial intelligence leading technology company scorned technology and Wuhu Municipal People's Government signed a cooperation agreement, Defiance Technology will be registered in Wuhu to establish a subsidiary to promote the development of artificial intelligence industry in Wuhu City. The main leaders of the Wuhu Municipal Party Committee and the government, and the co-founder and CEO of the Vision Technology Co., Ltd., the co-founder and CTO of the Vision Technology Co., Ltd., Tang Wenbin, and the president of the company, Fu Yingbo, attended the testimony. According to the agreement, after the technology is settled in Wuhu, it will rely on its top technology research and development level and industry-leading landing plan, focusing on smart city, smart logistics, smart new retail, artificial intelligence talent training, artificial intelligence industry fund and other aspects of the project. Construction; Wuhu Municipal Government will also provide strong support for contempt in the areas of artificial intelligence industry development policy, industrial base infrastructure, R&D equipment, technology and talent introduction. The two sides will jointly promote the rapid rise of the artificial intelligence industry in Wuhu City, comprehensively improve the development level of the leading industries and strategic emerging industries in Wuhu City, and provide strong support for Wuhu to create ¡°the Pearl of the Pearl River and the City of Innovation¡±. Recently, the People's Government of Anhui Province issued the "Anhui New Generation Artificial Intelligence Industry Development Plan (2018-2030)" (hereinafter referred to as "Planning"), and proposed the industrial layout of "one core, two places and more points" to create a radiation-free province. Artificial intelligence industry cluster. According to the "Planning" arrangement, Wuhu has become another artificial intelligence town that Anhui will focus on after the core city of Hefei. Defiance has also become the first artificial intelligence enterprise to enter Wuhu after the introduction of the ¡°Planning¡±. At present, contempt and Wuhu Municipal Government have reached a number of consensuses in the construction of artificial intelligence related projects. The two sides plan to set up a smart logistics research institute in Wuhu to promote the upgrading of Wuhu warehousing logistics industry and the development of intelligent equipment manufacturing industry; Construction, establish a model city in the new wave of national retail development; build a city super brain computing center, build a domestic benchmark ¡°AI+IoT¡± smart city; build an artificial intelligence college to accelerate the cultivation of artificial intelligence, big data and other professional and technical talents And the application of talents in the industry; the establishment of Wuhu contempt artificial intelligence industry investment fund, attracting national artificial intelligence enterprises to enter Wuhu, forming an industrial agglomeration effect. The artificial intelligence industry has become a key driving force for economic transformation and boosting the development of the real economy. All cities in the country are paying close attention to the development trend of the artificial intelligence industry and actively promoting the construction of related fields. As the leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China, Vision Technology has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched face recognition payment and face recognition in various vertical fields. A number of groundbreaking AI products, including unlocked, full-frame smart capture machines. In terms of business landing, the company is committed to building an urban brain that empowers various industries with the core of AI+IoT's Smart IoT-based Perception Network to promote the development of artificial intelligence technology in China and globally. Settled in Wuhu, contempt will further implement the AI+IoT strategy and promote the all-round development of China's smart economy with urban-level artificial intelligence applications.How does a smart office change the work scene? How does artificial intelligence affect the future? Nowadays, the impact of artificial intelligence on all walks of life is very large. We can appreciate the influence of artificial intelligence from all aspects. For example, the emergence of smart offices can bring more convenient experiences to all occasions of work and different application areas. At the same time, these changes will continue to affect our lives. In the past, there was no emergence of artificial intelligence technology in our lives. Through the development of science and technology, artificial intelligence technology has been continuously popularized in various fields of life and work, and has played a greater role in more scenes. The emergence of a smart office is one of them. Maybe we have never imagined that the future office will be like this, and there is absolutely no association with AI technology that can exist around us like ordinary living habits. Today's smartphones, as well as social networks, and more intelligent technologies, are constantly changing our lives while providing more important models and channels for our lives. Nowadays, many companies are constantly moving closer to AI, approaching the new development of artificial intelligence technology, and more and more important significance. Nowadays, a problem that many companies are discussing is whether artificial intelligence technology can be spread to more categories, or whether everyone can be treated fairly. These problems need to be explored. After all, taking the smart office, not every region, everyone can enjoy it. On the contrary, there are only some high-end office occasions, this type of smart office, this is also the need for enterprises to solve of. They need to find a better solution, how to spread these employee intelligence technologies to more different workplaces, and jointly cooperate with various governments or organizations to solve the artificial intelligence deployment plan, so that the system is more Many social groups bring real benefits. In addition to the smart office, there are more places to explore in the future artificial intelligence market, and this technology will continue to affect our lives. But whether this technology can affect everyone from a large field, a higher level, or a smaller life, requires more people with lofty ideals to explore. In the process, I believe that the development of artificial intelligence technology will become more and more rapid. In the future, more and more different products and new technologies will be put into more fields. We look forward to this process.Defiance Technology won the "2018 National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise"On July 17, 2018, according to the latest review results announced by the State Intellectual Property Office, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. was named "2018 National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise", and Baidu, BOE, and Beiqi New Energy were also selected in the same period. And other companies. It is understood that with the top core self-research technology and patent advantages, this is also the glory after the company was selected as ¡°National Intellectual Property Advantage Enterprise¡± in 2017. Defiance of technology was selected as ¡°National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise of 2018¡± It is understood that the ¡°National Intellectual Property Advantage Demonstration Enterprise¡± selection is mainly for key enterprises with certain influence in the region, and around the creation, application, management and protection of intellectual property rights of enterprises. In the dimension, the enterprise's intellectual property output orientation, output quantity, output quality, and patent implementation status are evaluated. The selected enterprises are all evaluated through the national intellectual property advantage enterprise intellectual property evaluation index system. Defiance technology deep-seated self-research technology and patent layout Defiance Technology As an artificial intelligence enterprise with machine vision as its core, its independent research and development of computer vision technology, intelligent hardware, intelligent cloud services and other products have reached the world's leading level. It has the world's leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched a number of vertical areas including face recognition payment, face recognition unlock, full frame smart capture machine Groundbreaking AI products. Among them, the core face recognition technology of Sci-Tech Self-study has been rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies in 2017 by the famous American technology review magazine MIT Science and Technology Review, and the Vision Technology has also entered the list of the world's 50 most intelligent companies. ". In April 2018, Yin Qi, founder and CEO of Vision Technology, was selected as the most influential person in the field of intellectual property in 2017. It is worth mentioning that Vision Technology pays great attention to patent layout while focusing on technology and product development. According to the data, at present, Vision Technology has submitted more than 700 patent applications related to artificial intelligence in China, the United States, India, Europe and other countries and regions, including more than 40 US patent applications and nearly 300 patents, which has become an artificial intelligence industry. One of the companies with the most independent intellectual property rights. Specifically, the patented layout of Vision Technology covers various technical levels such as training engine, core algorithm, basic platform, and intelligent products, and uses core algorithms as a link to form a cross-financial security, smart city, mobile phone intelligence, and commercial property. Patent packages for five major industries, such as industrial robots. Artificial intelligence is an area with intensive technological innovation. In order to better protect technological innovation, Defiance Technology adopts a patented layout model of ¡°point and face combination¡±, that is, strengthening the patent layout of core algorithm innovation on ¡°point¡±. In the "face", not only pay attention to the patent layout based on the key innovation of the product, but also take into account the patent layout of the peripheral innovation of the product, and the quality of patent application is continuously improved. With the self-developed technology and mature patent layout, the company has been selected as the key demonstration enterprise of Zhongguancun intellectual property rights and Beijing patent by Zhongguancun Intellectual Property Promotion Bureau, Beijing Municipal Intellectual Property Office and China State Intellectual Property Office. Demonstration units and national intellectual property advantage enterprises. Among the Chinese unicorn enterprises selected by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Defiance Technology has also been rated as the head unicorn enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China for two consecutive years. The industry believes that artificial intelligence has become a new engine of innovation growth in China, which embodies China's overall technological innovation strength and plays a pivotal role in industry transformation, innovation and upgrading. As an artificial intelligence ¡°unicorn¡± enterprise that leads the industry to change and innovate, in the future, Defiance Technology will give full play to the advantages of the national intellectual property advantage model enterprise in 2018, further enhance the quality of its patent application and layout, and use more high-value labor. Intelligent patents help the development of enterprises and help the "scientific and technological powers" strategy.Defying Technology Face++ Hosts 3D Visual Industry Pioneer Seminar Explore the depth of the worldOne of the reasons why the forward steps of the human world will never stop is that we always have endless delusions about the future. Especially in the moment when various new technologies are emerging, what kind of world will the future be? On August 8th, 2018, the ¡°Exploring the Unknown Deep 3D Visual Industry Pioneer Seminar¡± (hereinafter referred to as ¡°Seminar¡±) organized by Vision Technology was officially held in Beijing Defiance Headquarters. ¡¤ 3D is now the theme, and the application and development of ¡°AI+3D¡± in the digital world in the future will be jointly developed by Vision Technology Face++ and Bellus 3D, Altizure, Mirror Digital Technology and Amers Semiconductor's 4 3D industry pioneers. Looking ahead. In the future, a world of deep human-computer interaction driven by AI and 3D will soon be born. In the process of gradually perfecting the digital world, 3D technology is an engine that promotes the integration of industrialization and informationization, and is a powerful driving force for industrial upgrading and independent innovation. According to market forecasts, the global 3D market is expected to reach US$389.2 billion in 2022, and the 3D industry is rapidly emerging. On the other hand, the explosion of artificial intelligence technology has accelerated the transformation of human-computer interaction. The key prerequisite for the machine to simulate human perception, decision-making and execution behavior is to have the visual ability of the machine to observe the three-dimensional space like a human. In the future, man-machine coexistence will become more common and machines will be more intelligent. Thus, AI combined with 3D to change the traditional 2D plane world cognition of the machine, allowing the machine to build a comprehensive and profound 3D information perception and understanding of the real world, will become especially important. In 2017, iPhone X's Face ID technology based on 3D visual perception brought powerful face recognition unlocking and payment new applications, and successfully launched a new wave of AI and 3D innovation development. However, in the forefront of the new wave, Apple is not the only one. Vision Technology Face++ is actively exploring the 3D field. By developing the backbone technology of AI+3D and integrating the upstream and downstream resources of the industry, it has established its leading development in the great transformation of 3D transformation. Position. According to the data, from 2017 to 2018, the market share of smartphones equipped with 3D sensor modules has increased from 38 million units to 142 million units due to the leadership of iPhoneX. It is expected that the market share will increase to 905 million units by 2020. From 3% to 38%. Among them, the application of 3D sensing module on Android mobile phones will become a powerful driving force for growth, and the market share will increase from 7 million units in 2018 to 465 million units in 2020. Deliberately released a mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution at the seminar, devoting its deep insight into the industry and mobile 3D innovation practices, the industry's first release of the "soft and hard" mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution From algorithm innovation, application development, equipment manufacturing to solution creation, it explains the latest and most comprehensive development of ¡°AI+3D¡±. Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology's Face++, said: "Although there are many types of application cases in the field of mobile 3D vision, the overall solution of software and hardware including algorithms and modules is still absent. Technology is experimenting with a top-down integration solution.¡± Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology, released a new intelligent 3D-aware solution in the scorn of the soft and hard integrated mobile smart 3D product solution, the top The first layer is a 3D application. In the practice of enabling mobile AI technologies such as mobile phones, contempt for the accumulation of end-users and user groups in applications such as unlocking, payment, photography, entertainment and VR/AR applications, and these applications There is a need for blessing of 3D technology to ensure fluency and security during use. To this end, contempt for the development of face recognition, object detection, face 3D reconstruction, human 3D reconstruction, object geometry measurement, etc. based on the original MegBrain deep learning engine and ShuffleNet mobile neural network framework at the "soft" end algorithm level. A set of AI+3D underlying algorithms; secondly, in terms of implementation capabilities, the requirements for depth calculation, depth restoration, depth optimization, calibration, distortion correction, etc. for different application scenarios are degraded, and the integrated structure light, TOF, binocular, etc. are different. The sensor module is designed to provide a rich solution based on dual, three, and deep shots. ?OPPO Find X mobile phone adopts the mobile 3D product solution based on OPPO FaceKey 3D structured light. OPPO Find X provides 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light effect. It is worth noting that Vision is also working with module sensor manufacturers such as Amers and other mainstream chip manufacturers to develop new mobile terminal core hardware to enhance the adaptability of algorithms to hardware devices and improve their own "hard". strength. The mobile-side 3D-aware full-stack solution that despise "soft and hard" is a relatively complete business design from AI+3D algorithm to hardware to solution in 3D vision. As Wu Wenzhao said, the transformation of mobile 3D technology It is not open to contempt, but it is using the original technology from China to provide cutting-edge and comprehensive 3D technology for the industry, leading the trend of 3D development in the world. Exploring the depth of the world Sharing the 3D innovation in the future In the future, mobile phones are just one of the application terminals in the huge 3D empire. With the rapid development of technological innovation and IoT devices, 3D will also generate innovative applications in more fields of the industry. In the roundtable discussion of "Exploring the depth of the world - 3D innovative applications", Wu Wenyi, senior vice president of Vision Technology, and Eric Chen, co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, co-founder and CEO of Altizure, Fang Tian, ??Dianjing Digital Technology Co-founder and CEO Hong Wei, Chen Pinglu, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Almes Semiconductor Greater China, shared the 3D innovation practices and ecological outlook. From left to right, Mr. Wu Wenzhao, Senior Vice President of Face++ Technology, Eric Chen, Co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, Chen Pinglu, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Ames Semiconductor Greater China, and Fang Tian, ??Co-founder and CEO of Altizure? Hong Wei, co-founder and CEO of Digital Digital Technology. Bellus3D, Altizure and Mirror Digital Technology are pioneering technology companies in the 3D industry. They have strong technical strength in 3D face scanning product development, urban-level physical 3D reconstruction and VR/AR applications relying on light field technology. Among them, Eric Chen, co-founder and CEO of Bellus 3D, has been working in the 3D field for 30 years and was one of the founders of Apple's Quicktime VR project. When talking about the current development and future trends of the 3D industry, he analyzed that the level of technology and hardware R&D in the 3D industry has reached a new height. Being a 3D scanner is not as expensive and difficult as it used to be. When the future is a 3D manpower In the case of scanners, 3D applications are naturally enriched by the diverse needs of individuals. Altizure co-founder and CEO Fang Tianze believes that the future 3D application of killer is to collect the 3D of the whole world and create a platform for quickly collecting 3D information of business scenes and life scenes, which will help users to develop 3D according to the development. Innovative applications. Hong Ying, co-founder and CEO of Digital Mirror Technology, looks forward to the future of 3D applications from the perspective of life: "We are looking for people to see more realistic 3D reconstruction. In the future, everyone can open this mobile phone, Weibo can directly put this three-dimensional Stars are brought home; when you watch the live broadcast, you enter a more realistic 3D scene. Virtual reality and augmented reality will subvert our life experience.¡± In 3D hardware manufacturing, Amers Semiconductor Greater China sales and market Chen Pinglu, vice president, believes that ¡°miniaturization and integration¡± is a road without an end. At the same time, following the outbreak of mobile phones, Chen Pinglu believes that the automotive field will be the next large application market for 3D sensing. For the ecological construction of the 3D industry, five companies have reached a consensus on ¡°gradual improvement of the 3D industry ecology in the next three years¡±. Wu Wenzhao concluded that in the 3D industry ecological construction, creating an open platform like Face++ to share the industry's cutting-edge technology is the main point of solving the problem; on the other hand, vertically integrating 3D industry algorithm vendors, hardware vendors and application platforms have become industrial development. The next important job. Rejecting on paper to lead the industry with industry practice Defiance Technology is an industry-based solution provider that focuses on artificial intelligence technology and is committed to providing leading-edge artificial intelligence algorithms and solutions to industry users worldwide. Based on core deep learning and intelligent sensing technology, Desire Technology hopes to use AI+IoT to enable urban terminals such as cameras, mobile phones and automobiles to build a digital and intelligent IoT system to provide real business value for industry users. Layout 3D field is the latest move to despise the realization of AI+IoT enabled mobile phones, and is also an important step to create a digital and intelligent world in the future. At present, contempt has been combined with partners to make a variety of advanced 3D applications and solutions a reality, and to achieve large-scale commercial use. On June 19 this year, the domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturer OPPO released the OPPO Find X model at the Louvre in Paris, France. The mobile phone is equipped with a 3D structured light face recognition solution provided by contempt, which marks the 3D structured light technology in Android. Applications in mobile phones are beginning to enter the mass production era. Since then, at the 2018 MWC exhibition held in Shanghai on June 27th, vivo has also released TOF 3D super-sensing technology, which is also supported by the 3D face modeling algorithm provided by Vision Technology. And at the press conference, Vision and vivo also launched a complete set of mobile 3D innovations, including the first in the industry to achieve a fully available, and truly rely on (TOF) 3D camera solution for secure payment, 3D beauty, 3D Applications such as plastics and 3D lighting have defied the era of consumer-grade 3D products with their own innovation. In addition, at this year's Yunqi 2050 summit, contempt has also been combined with Altizure to carry out a panoramic 3D reconstruction of Hangzhou Yunqi Town. Defiance Technology hopes to create real-available algorithms and products through the combination of AI empowerment and 3D depth information, helping machines to provide humans with more convenient and intelligent services. In the mobile phone field, the combination of AI and 3D depth vision has brought us unlimited imagination, and with the in-depth exploration of the scene, the development of 3D data and the upgrade of sensing devices, this combination will be produced in more fields. Unbelievable 3D application innovation. Defiantly, by integrating the upstream and downstream resources of the industry, the software and hardware integrated full-stack 3D sensing solution can be applied to more industries, so that 3D can truly enter every corner of the human world.We should know about real-name authentication. First, before we elaborate on real-name authentication, let's take a look at a brief overview of real-name authentication on the web. Real-name certification is an identity certification system that has begun to emerge in recent years. As is known to all, in the past decade, China¡¯s society has developed rapidly, and China¡¯s major industries have become more and more prosperous. Behind the prosperity, identity authentication for individuals and businesses is particularly important. So why do you want to mention real-name authentication? Perhaps the real name certification in our real life is that when you register on a platform on the Internet, you need to provide your own personal information. When you purchase a phone card, you need personal information. But real-name certification is more than just that. Why should we pay attention to real-name certification? We can think that on the Internet, if the real-name authentication system is not strict enough, involving money, most people provide false information. When some people are mourning, leading to economic crime fraud, etc., it will definitely lead to our personal economy. Losses are difficult to recover, and law enforcement officials are also unable to solve the serious consequences of timely and effective resolution. In real life outside the Internet, real-name authentication also shows an important role. Real-name authentication can speed up the identification of individuals and corporate legal persons, avoiding some problems and some criminal phenomena. For example, the anti-addiction system in online games. What is the use of real-name authentication? Real-name certification is conducive to the supervision of the industry authorities to combat various crimes; secondly, real-name certification can greatly reduce the probability of fraud, embarrassment, personal attacks and other issues; in addition, real-name certification can speed up the identification of individuals and corporate legal persons, shortening Communication time; finally, the strict implementation of real-name certification is conducive to the establishment of a harmonious social management ecological environment. In today's social development, in the aspect of the Internet, the importance of real-name authentication has become increasingly prominent. For real-name authentication, we should know more about the specific situation of authentication, understand the importance of real-name authentication, and pay attention to protecting personal identity information. With reasonable and effective government management, our social development can develop healthily.From the advent of the "brushing era", look at the true portrayal of Chinese AI. People who know the history of science and technology know that the initial application scenarios of any revolutionary technology, including computers, the Internet and smart phones, basically occurred in military industry, government and In certain areas such as medical care, when the technology matures, it will evolve into a mass product ? but I don¡¯t know if you are aware. In recent years, thanks to deep learning algorithms and big data, the rapid evolution of technology maturity has made many AI technologies The process of mass transformation is very short-lived, such as face recognition. Recently, an article in the People¡¯s Daily pointed out: ¡°Now, from attendance, shopping, to flying, staying at a hotel, and even adopting pensions, it¡¯s no longer a joke to eat by face.... Face recognition is going out of the experiment on a large scale. The room, walking into all walks of life, convenient life, reduced costs, improved efficiency, and thus gradually become the 'standard' in people's daily life. In fact, this is not difficult to understand, for face recognition and security The fast-related new technology species, how fast the public acceptance, depends largely on how familiar the application scenario is, and just like the popularity of fingerprint recognition in the past, benefiting from the good market education work of mobile phone manufacturers such as Apple, In a very short time, face recognition is a more rapid, safe, and even cooler way of recognition, which has been highly recognized by the public. Today, face recognition has been taken for granted in both the public and personal spheres. However, what does not match this popular cognition is that the strong chasing identity of the industrial era has caused many people to ignore one point: in the field of face recognition, China has actually entered the first echelon. Recently, the international authoritative market insight report Gen Market Insights released the "Global Face Recognition Equipment Market Research Report" said: China's face recognition production value in 2017 accounted for 29.29% of the world's market share, and will reach 44.59% in 2023. The data from Ai Media Consulting also shows that the size of China's computer vision market in 2017 is 6.8 billion yuan. It is estimated that the market size will reach 78 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 125.5%. More importantly, China¡¯s protagonist on the face recognition track is not only reflected in market share (you can of course say it is part of the demographic dividend), but also the technology itself: Chinese companies like Baidu have relied on The face detection deep learning algorithm PyramidBox, in the world's authoritative face detection public evaluation set WIDER FACE's "Easy", "Medium" and "Hard" three evaluation subsets have won the top spot, refreshing the best results in the industry; not only that, Looking through the scientific information about face recognition, you can frequently see Chinese companies in international rankings of different latitudes and different metrics. People can't help but ask, how did all this happen? The answer is actually very simple. China's position in face recognition ? and the entire echelon of artificial intelligence ? stems from the continued technological investment of Chinese technology companies and the proliferation of rich scenes. ability. The next step in identity is to take a brief look at the technology. In fact, since humanity has swept toward information civilization and started to get in touch with machines, it has become aware of the importance of identity recognition and invented various methods of identity authentication - and today, no one will deny that the next scene of identity recognition It will be replaced by biometrics. Among them, face recognition will be the first biometric technology to be landed on a large scale due to comprehensive reasons such as technology maturity and cost. And because of this, many people underestimate the difficulty of this technology, in fact, for the "other" (whether AI or possible alien civilization), the human face structure has a very high similarity, we feel It is not difficult (face blindness or even a disease) because the brain has evolved a powerful face recognition ability millions of years ago, and the nervous system process involved is very complicated. At the end of last year, the internationally renowned journal Cell showed a specific neuronal process of face recognition: in the process of recognition, the brain can recognize some key dimensions, and recognizing a face requires dozens of dimensions, each "face cell" Approximately several parameters of six dimensions are encoded, and finally a combination of parameters of different features of a face is integrated. This means that for the machine, face recognition is not easy, and the instinctive reaction between human beings must be transformed into a real data analysis process. It is good to make unremitting efforts through the industry and the results are satisfactory. For example, similar to the human brain recognition process, the face recognition technology can recognize multiple face attributes (such as gender, age, expression, etc.) according to the 72 feature points of the face and face, and combine them into a complete facial expression network. Identify each person's expressions and appearance features, and then perform one-to-many face retrieval with the existing face database, and finally apply to various scenes such as identification and verification. The true portrayal of Chinese AI, of course, the realization path of AI general technology is similar (using data as fuel and algorithm as engine). As a branch of machine vision, although face recognition has certain uniqueness, it is only the ability of Chinese artificial intelligence technology. Portrayal. Not long ago, the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" released by the China Science and Technology Policy Research Center of Tsinghua University showed that China has become the country with the largest number of artificial intelligence patents in the world, and the number is ahead of the United States and Japan. This may be a little unexpected for the public, but it is the consensus of the industry. In the past year or two, including the New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, many foreign media and analysts have pointed out that the huge amount of data, the growing talent pool, and the top-level support of government departments are cultivating China. Develop the most fertile soil for AI. It's not hard to understand that the AI ??revolution that is erupting directly benefits from the data bonus of the surge and the establishment of standards for deep learning algorithms. The integration of the two has completely smoothed the technological start line of the new era (such as ten years ago, Image recognition and speech recognition may be different algorithms, but deep learning will open up the underlying logic, which in essence becomes an algorithm, and the software technology accumulated by many companies is directly invalidated, giving China a good opportunity to overtake the curve. Of course, when the technology turns to come, what really catches it must be a prepared and capable person. What is gratifying is that in dealing with artificial intelligence, Chinese companies not only start early, but also invest heavily in technology. For example, as one of the earliest companies in the world to deploy artificial intelligence, Baidu invests 15% of its annual revenue for AI research and development. Nowadays, it has supported the hundreds of billions of parameters, the super-large neural network of hundreds of billions of samples and feature training, plus the "feeding" of trillions of training data, constantly pushing the iteration of algorithms and computing power, and is also benefiting from this, now Baidu AI The Technology Platform System (AIG) has a comprehensive technology of voice, image, natural language processing, video, knowledge map, etc., and has laid a foundation for development in deep learning frameworks and AI chips. In addition, in addition to the technology itself, the operators of those technologies - a large number of artificial intelligence talents - are also the most valuable resources of the Chinese AI industry. As Luo Zhenyu said in his speech last year, China has graduated millions of engineers every year. Any other country can do this. In fact, the importance of talent is often overlooked. It is not difficult to find out at the beginning of the birth of the mobile Internet. At the beginning of the platform-level technology, many seemingly unsolvable problems are essentially because there are too few people in the industry. You know, only when there are enough engineers in the Android ecosystem to build a prosperous mobile Internet ecosystem. The same is true for artificial intelligence. As the leading edge of Chinese companies becomes more prominent, their talent attraction will increase. This is undoubtedly a huge advantage, and it is also the key for China to lead the first echelon in the artificial intelligence industry. China's artificial intelligence, which occupies the "time, place, and people", has begun to form a benign development ecology. What makes people happy is that in the era of artificial intelligence, Chinese companies did not choose to build high technical barriers, but chose the open road. Baidu, which has a first-mover advantage in artificial intelligence, announced its open strategy in 2017, opening up more than 110 global leading AI capabilities and software and hardware components for developers and enterprises, and ¡°hands-on¡± to teach developers to use AI. Moreover, under the leadership of Baidu, Tencent, Ali, JD, and contempt have also launched AI open plans. China's artificial intelligence has formed a "potential of the original." When the artificial intelligence gradually becomes the infrastructure of the new era, the ultimate goal of technology leadership is of course not to show off the skills, but to take root in more fields and bear fruit. Fortunately, compared with developed countries, China may be the most proactive country to embrace digital transformation. The demand for transformation and upgrading of traditional enterprises with artificial intelligence is more urgent, and the market growth is more stable. At the same time, Chinese AI enterprises We are also constantly exploring more diverse application scenarios. In terms of face recognition, China is at the forefront of landing, as the People¡¯s Daily summarized in the article: In terms of security, face recognition can monitor the intensive areas of airports and shopping malls to achieve specific Automatic identification and tracking of characters. Since the beginning of this year, many places, such as Shenzhen, have begun to use electronic police enforcement to identify pedestrians and non-motor vehicles with red light violations, which has greatly improved the efficiency of social operations. In terms of finance, as you know, brush face payment is familiar, and gradually penetrates into the core of the financial industry such as pre-lending review and identity verification, and banks can quickly check the identity information. For example, face recognition has been applied by Baidu Finance to cooperation projects with Taikang Insurance and Agricultural Bank of China. In terms of retail, the perfection of face recognition technology makes it possible for unmanned supermarkets. In the shopping and settlement process, face recognition can help offline stores quickly capture user information to provide personalized services. In terms of travel, the ¡°brush face¡± boarding project based on face recognition has also landed at Jiangying Airport in Nanyang, Henan, and the face gate can complete the identity verification in seconds. In addition, in Wuzhen and Wuyishan and other scenic spots, face recognition can also enhance the tourist experience while improving the efficiency of the scenic spot. Of course, these are just the changes that are taking place. In more areas that need to be explored, factories also provide face detection algorithms and face recognition solutions to developers through the AI ??open platform, enabling people to recognize faces in more fields. Sprout. Of course, as mentioned earlier, face recognition is only one example of China's artificial intelligence technology capabilities, which means that when the AI ??is fully landed, the fruit is not only one of the face recognition. In fact, whether it is a giant or a startup, with the continuous breakthrough of Chinese AI companies in speech recognition, natural language processing and image recognition, the pace of artificial intelligence from the laboratory to the market far exceeds the imagination of many people. For example, Baidu has continued to graft with other industries, making AI like a capillary, infiltrating into software tools, transportation, security, education, smart equipment, life services and logistics, bringing profound industrial changes. Conclusion To this day, even the most pessimistic skeptics can hardly deny that artificial intelligence is the most important variable in current human society, and its fourth industrial revolution is changing the way of human production and production. The development path of the industrial revolution is very similar ? just like the explosion of ¡°electrical appliances¡± in the electrical revolution of the mid-19th century, and made large-scale manufacturing possible. The moment you and I are in the world, artificial intelligence is spreading to different scenes. At the critical stage, the social impact it produces is difficult to estimate. Like many people, I also believe that when more Chinese companies seize the opportunity of history and miss the previous industrial revolution and thus lag behind, China will usher in the dawn of artificial intelligence.China's face recognition technology is leading the world in the futureChina has always had superior capabilities in the field of global face recognition technology, which has recently been confirmed by the US industrial gold standard. In the past, perhaps mentioned the type of artificial intelligence technology of face recognition technology, most people would think of some developed countries, such as the United Kingdom and the United States, but now if you want to say who is the king of the face recognition technology, Then China is well deserved. Face recognition technology has been widely applied to first-tier cities such as Beishangguang. According to relevant data, China's face recognition technology has been applied in batches in first-tier cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, and is visible in various public measures. In people's daily life and work, face recognition technology has become a daily visible tool. In order to further highlight China's strength in face recognition technology, there have been foreign friends to experience the power of China's face recognition system. For example, a reporter from the United Kingdom once personally tried the power of Skynet controlled by China. Look at whether he can escape Skynet's pursuit within a certain period of time. As a result, it can be imagined that under the full control of Skynet, he has been caught in only eight minutes. This is also due to the powerful face recognition technology, Skynet can quickly capture fugitives. Another example is a group of Korean women who have already made up their makeup. They want to challenge China's face recognition technology to see if they can identify the user's true identity under the heavy makeup. The result is undoubtedly under strong recognition technology. Even if it is a masked face, there is no way to escape the superb recognition technology, and the identity can be confirmed. From the above case, China's face recognition technology does have a superior level of leadership at the technical level. Moreover, in the level of global face recognition technology, the recognition rate of face recognition technology in China is as high as 99%, ahead of other countries. This point has also been affirmed by the Institute of Research and Technology of the relevant industry standards in the United States. At the same time, in the process of competing with other countries, China has three family face recognition technology companies ranked top, and seized three places in the top five. It can be seen that China does have a world-leading level in face recognition technology. Despite this, China's development of face recognition technology is still in progress. After all, there will be more challengers in the future, and China must continue to maintain a rapid growth posture before it can continue to stand out.China will account for 44.59% of the global face recognition market share in 2023 According to research by Gen Market Insights, China will become the largest consumer and provider of face recognition technology. By 2023, China will account for 44.59% of the global face recognition market share, up from 29.39% in 2017. China has rapidly adopted the face recognition technology in various fields, especially in the banking and security business, which has promoted market development. More than 400 banks in China are already using this technology for identity authentication and smart network transformation, including Agricultural Bank of China, Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications and China Merchants Bank. In some cities in China, the technology is also used to assist law enforcement, such as Shenzhen, where they deploy face recognition technology on the zebra crossing to alert pedestrians. Face recognition technology is deployed at an intersection in Shenzhen. The system automatically recognizes pedestrians and then displays the image on the right screen. China will lead face recognition technology "2018 global face recognition device market research report" shows that as more and more industries and companies accept the potential of face recognition technology, although the market value in 2017 is 1.07 billion US dollars, but By 2025, it will reach 7.11 billion US dollars, with a compound annual growth rate of 26.8%. China's market share in 2017 accounted for 29.29% of the global total, but the compound annual growth rate will reach 29.53%, partly because China's national level is facing the promotion of artificial intelligence, including the National Development and Reform Commission's establishment of artificial intelligence basic resources public service platform, high accuracy. Major projects such as the face recognition industrialization platform, such as the new artificial intelligence research parks such as the Guangzhou Artificial Intelligence Industry Cluster and large-scale state investment. With the government's strong promotion, Chinese companies may occupy a larger market share. Artificial intelligence gives the machine "living power" Intelligent robot benefits industry Artificial intelligence technology is applied to the contemporary, is no longer a cold computer computing technology, this is a kind of intelligent technology that can sense human language ability is a temperature technology. The emergence of intelligent robots is one of them, and it is a powerful testimony of artificial intelligence technology to perceive the world language. Artificial intelligence gives intelligent robots a "life" in the past. The machine can only be used as a static object. It can only give it a certain ability to display through human hands, but now the emergence of intelligent robots has changed everything. Intelligent robots do not need human hands to control, and they can also have the ability to sense themselves. This is a huge change brought about by artificial intelligence applications, so that the machine not only has vision, but also masters the sense of hearing and touch, and can also feel while seeing The instructions in the human language then complete the specified production tasks and even communicate with humans in real time. After the intelligent robot has the ability to move autonomously, it will bring huge reforms to the entire production field. The first is to greatly improve the production efficiency, intelligent robots can replace some people to complete some complex long-term tasks, and complete command, handling, decision-making and other instructions. In specific production lines, intelligent robots can greatly increase the overall production speed, and reduce the chances of traditional human resources errors, bringing greater reforms to production. In addition, intelligent robots can be used in the unmanned field or in the welcome area to complete a series of advanced instructions. Taking unmanned driving as an example, it is a classic representative of the machine with independent computing and innovation. It is also a hot spot for the development of intelligent machine technology. In many developed countries, this technology has been applied and can be applied in more Among many different industrial fields. Now in China, this kind of unmanned technology that takes advantage of the active mobility of the machine has also begun to be put into more fields. With the continuous innovation of artificial intelligence technology, intelligent robots will present more different aspects, and will also play a more important role in more different fields. Of course, intelligent robots will have more places to adjust and upgrade in the subsequent development, and believe that artificial intelligence technology will also become a powerful foundation for the vitality of machines. All these positive changes will further provide more powerful force for the development of the industrial economy, and this vitality will continue to develop continuously.Why is the development of face recognition technology application showing rapid growth? Face recognition is one of the hottest technologies in the artificial intelligence wave. At present, it is going out of the laboratory on a large scale, and has entered various industries, which has facilitated life, reduced costs, and improved efficiency. It has gradually become a "standard" in people's daily lives. Into a restaurant, even if there is no mobile phone and wallet, after the order, you can complete the payment by ¡°brushing your face¡±; entering a bank without a bank card or ID card, you can also withdraw money by ¡°brushing your face¡±... Have you ever experienced it? Nowadays, from attendance and shopping, to flying, staying at hotels, and even adopting pensions... It is no longer a joke to eat by "face". Behind this is the face recognition technology that has been in existence for decades. It is currently going out of the laboratory on a large scale and entering daily life. In the field of artificial intelligence, the face recognition technology is one of the earliest technologies to be applied. Its application scene is increasingly rich, and constantly refreshing people's imagination. For example, "brush face" unlocking has become the standard for more and more smartphones. In the security field, the ¡°brush face¡± technology can monitor people in crowded places such as banks, airports, shopping malls, etc., to achieve automatic identification and tracking of specific people. Since the beginning of this year, Shenzhen and other places have launched electronic police enforcement, and through the "brush face" to identify pedestrians, non-motor vehicles, red light violations, greatly improved efficiency. In the financial sector, ¡°brushing face¡± payments have become a reality. Pre-lending review, identity authentication and other services are also being covered. Through face recognition, banks can quickly check the identification information, and users can withdraw money without a bank card. In the field of travel, the "brush face" boarding project based on face recognition has been landed at Jiangying Airport in Nanyang, Henan. The face gate allows passengers to directly "brush face" to fly and complete the identity verification in seconds. Peking University is trying to apply the ¡°brush face¡± system to the campus security system. The first set of ¡°brush face¡± gates has been put into operation. Retailers in the field, domestic retail manufacturers and so on have tried water unmanned supermarkets, face recognition technology has been applied in the shopping, settlement, not only can help offline stores quickly capture user information to provide personalized services, consumer spending The experience is also an upgrade. In the medical field, the face recognition registration system makes it impossible for the traffickers to intervene. The ¡°brush face¡± medical insurance payment can save the queuing time and make the smart medical service process more smooth. This year, 10 hospitals in Wenzhou have activated the face recognition pre-filling system, and it is possible to ¡°brush face¡± and intelligent consultation. In the field of government service, ¡°shaping government affairs¡± not only reduced the suffering of the people, but also the list of government services that ¡°do not have to run once¡±. Ant Financial Services cooperated with government departments in more than 40 cities to open services such as ¡°painting face¡± for tax, enquiry of provident fund, certification pension, and traffic violation online. In the field of public welfare, ¡°face-to-face search¡± helps to find lost old people and children, so that the road to go home is no longer out of reach. In July of this year, Sichuan Xichang Rescue Station used this technology to send 7 detainees to go home for reunion. The number of users covered by "brush face" technology is also rising rapidly. "Only in the Alipay platform, there are already 200 million users who have logged in to the account, retrieved passwords, and risk checks through 'brushing faces'." Ant Financial CTO Cheng Li said: "The face is gradually replacing the password." It is a rapid growth of the industry scale. According to data from Ai Media Consulting, the size of China's computer vision market in 2017 was 6.8 billion yuan. It is estimated that the market size will reach 78 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 125.5%. Rapid application development, technology, talent, capital, and policy drive are indispensable. Why has the application of face recognition technology showed rapid development in China in recent years? In the eyes of the industry, in addition to the fundamental reasons for technology-driven, there are many factors that work together. "If you compare it to a carriage, talent advantage, technology-driven, capital assistance, policy support, etc. are like wheels, which is driving the carriage to run faster and more stable," said Zhang Yi, founder and CEO of Ai Media. According to industry analysts, in terms of ¡°brushing face¡± technology, China is currently at the forefront of application landing, and the underlying technology is accelerating. Recently, the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" released by the China Science and Technology Policy Research Center of Tsinghua University shows that China has become the country with the largest number of artificial intelligence patents in the world, with the number leading the United States and Japan. China has paid attention to the tradition of science and engineering education for many years, and has also laid a good talent foundation for the combination of artificial intelligence technology and various industries. The richness of the application scenario and the high demand for the industry are also an important reason. ¡°China has been developing rapidly in the past few decades, and all walks of life have strong demand for improving quality and efficiency.¡± Industry insiders said, ¡°This demand gives us many opportunities to make face recognition technology more The industry has landed." "The demand for rich scene applications, providing access to enterprises and strong market value; the storage of massive data and world-wide propositions have also given a wide range of platforms for technology companies and technology developers." Capital investment It is also an important force. In addition to the layout of Internet giants such as BAT, many vertical companies continue to receive capital attention. More entrepreneurs are entering the industry. The data shows that in the distribution of China's artificial intelligence startups, computer vision industry companies ranked first with 17.7%. Industry insiders analyzed that the acceleration of the 5G era will also bring new development opportunities to the computer vision industry. "Face recognition is expected to develop into the standard of the next intelligent era." Face recognition technology can bring about an increase in productivity. Some experts say that "brushing face" is only a more specific part of computer vision technology. ¡°In fact, computer vision technology can bring you far more than just a ¡°brushing face¡± payment. If applied in the first two industries, it will bring about improvements and changes in production efficiency at a larger level.¡± Face recognition technology can bring about an increase in productivity. This kind of improvement, on the one hand, is to enhance or replace the artificial part related to vision in the traditional industry, in order to reduce costs and improve efficiency; on the other hand, it brings New interactive experiences and applications form new application scenarios. In fact, these improvements are happening. In the field of mobile phones and entertainment, the classification and processing of images and pictures based on intelligent recognition has become a reality; in the field of automatic driving, the target of automatic intelligent perception and positioning of vehicles is constantly developing; in the field of drones and robots. The use of automatic obstacle avoidance has made new progress; in the industrial field, in addition to the eye-catching and exploratory application of 3D sorting, the application of product quality inspection is also emerging; in the medical field, research and development based on artificial intelligence such as computer vision technology The robot not only can see medical images, but also assist doctors to understand medical records more accurately and improve the level of diagnosis and treatment. Experts say that these changes are efficiency and industry reshaping for the industry, and also mean greater market opportunities and more imaginative growth. From a larger perspective of computer vision, in the Internet era, every landmark node is subverted by human-computer interaction. The first time is the popularity of personal computers in the civilian and commercial fields; the second is the popularity of smartphones worldwide; next time, maybe we don¡¯t even use mobile phones, everyone, every item will be digitized, Become a sensor, people and people, things and things, between people and things will be directly connected. The Internet has been a part of our lives for the past few decades. Maybe in the near future, we will become part of the Internet.Zhongguancun Science Park 30th Anniversary Innovation Achievements Debut Visionary Smart Pavilion Innovation Application C Position Debut On August 24th, Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone Innovation Achievements Opening Ceremony was officially held at Zhongguancun Exhibition Center. On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up, the 30th anniversary of the establishment of Zhongguancun Science Park, and the 5th anniversary of General Secretary Xi Jinping's inspection of Zhongguancun, Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone has assembled 170 state-level high-tech enterprises, listed companies, unicorn enterprises and cutting-edge technology enterprises. Come to showcase their outstanding development achievements, and will fully present a feast of innovations that are completely original in China and at the forefront of the world's science and technology. Liu Lixin, deputy secretary and director of Zhongguancun Management Committee, Liu Hang, deputy inspector of Zhongguancun Management Committee, and Li Changping, deputy head of Haidian District, jointly launched the innovation exhibition with representatives of the park enterprises. Innovation is the first driving force for development. As the first national high-tech industrial development zone and national independent innovation demonstration zone, Zhongguancun has gone through 30 years of development. Under the cordial care of the Party Central Committee and the State Council and the strong leadership of the Beijing Municipal Government, Zhongguancun has taken the mission of serving the national strategy and deepened reform and opening up as a driving force to explore a high-tech development and industrialization with Chinese characteristics. The new road has achieved world-renowned achievements and has become a banner for China's innovation and development. Zhong Licun, deputy secretary and director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, said in the opening ceremony: "Towards the future, the Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone will adhere to the guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, with more reforms and more openness. And more pragmatic innovations, forge ahead, and move forward, take the lead in building a globally influential science and technology innovation center, and strive to become the world's major technology centers and innovation highlands, and make new contributions to building innovative countries and technological powers." Zhongguancun Yan Lixin, deputy secretary and director of the Party Committee of the Management Committee, delivered a speech at the opening ceremony. This exhibition is guided by Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and focuses on the "new era and new journey of Zhongguancun re-launching" to highlight the effectiveness of innovation and development. The three characteristics of the double-creative ecosystem and the latest frontier achievements fully demonstrate the representative achievements and major development achievements of the Zhongguancun demonstration area. At the same time, the most refreshing part of this exhibition is that it innovatively applies a large number of the latest scientific and technological achievements to the display design, including the all-round artificial intelligence technology blessing provided by Destiny Technology for the renovation of the pavilion to help Zhongguancun show. The center completed a new upgrade of the Smart Pavilion. Fu Yingbo, President of Defiance Technology, introduced the application demonstration project of Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion: ¡°In the project construction of Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion, we despise the comprehensive use of many top-notch artificial intelligence technologies and products independently developed by the company. From the visit reservation, registration to the interactive, passenger flow management process, intelligent display and management program, this exhibition will create a new exhibition hall that is convenient, efficient, novel and cool in the AI ??era. The first demonstration application of China's face recognition technology in the real-time analysis of the crowds of the smart pavilion was realized.¡± Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, introduced the innovative application of the Visionary Smart Pavilion in the process of building the Zhongguancun Wisdom Pavilion. Venue management and audiences in the exhibition, exhibition, exhibition management, exhibition management, etc., comprehensive research and development including the cave portrait system, urban sky system, smart camera, human verification and verification machine, face recognition gate The combination of soft and hard artificial intelligence technology and product solutions, such as machine, provides online identity verification, wisdom and non-sensibility for the venue. Innovative function applications and experiences such as camera tracking, real-time thermal analysis, audience trajectory interaction, and human face recognition. Despising the Zhongguancun Smart Pavilion Application Demonstration Project in the registration of the new venue, despising the use of the official website of the exhibition hall, WeChat service number and human verification and verification equipment to collect face and ID information to help the audience complete online or on-site visits. registered. When entering the hall, the audience can enter the door without sensation and without cooperation by scorning the face recognition gate. Inside the pavilion, contempt is based on the cave portrait system, the urban sky system and the 60-channel smart camera device in the dense hall, providing viewers with a richer and more novel visual AI interactive experience: trajectory tracking through the cave image system The ability, the audience can not only see their real-time visit track dynamic picture in the scorn exhibition area, but also obtain more comprehensive exhibition information through the track query terminal; while the scorn city eye system can pass face recognition, human figure recognition, AI technology such as video structuring, for the staff in the hall to identify and feedback attributes such as gender, age, face key points, clothing characteristics (color, style, wearing a hat, wearing glasses, backpacks, etc.) to show the audience The powerful utility of smart technology in safe cities and smart cities. Zhongguancun Management Committee deputy secretary, director Yan Lixin and other leaders visited the contempt exhibition area as the leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China. Defiance Technology has been committed to providing leading industrial intelligence algorithms and solutions to global industry users, building a city-level Intelligent IoT system. In the future, Vision will also support the technological development strategy of AI+IoT with the support of Zhongguancun, and continue to build world-leading innovation and technological achievements in more fields of the industry.Defiance of technology and Zhuhai City Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute reached strategic cooperation In order to carry out in-depth research on the application of artificial intelligence technology in police work, recently, China's artificial intelligence leading enterprises defiance technology and Zhuhai City Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute reached a strategic cooperation agreement, The two sides will jointly establish the "Zhuhai Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute - Defiance Technology Public Security Video Joint Laboratory" and apply a series of artificial intelligence technologies and product results to the reform of Zhuhai Police Model to promote Zhuhai under the new situation. Smart city, safe city construction. Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology and general manager of Public Security Division, Cheng Tao, general manager of South China Department of Defence Security Division, Qin Shaohua, manager of Shenzhen Branch of Defence Security Division, and leaders of Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute signed the contract. At present, the artificial intelligence technology such as face recognition and video structuring brings more and more benefits in the practical application of public security. In particular, the new intelligent police model that is being promoted is rapidly becoming the focus of the national police model reform. In recent years, Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute has been continuously exploring the integration and application of emerging technologies such as big data, video cloud and artificial intelligence in police actual combat, and establishing a new high-tech-oriented police work technical warfare system to defend the Zhuhai economy. Social development and the safety of people's lives and property. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions in China, Vision Technology has the world's top deep learning algorithm development and product creation capabilities in the field of artificial intelligence, and aims at the pain points in public security scenarios in the long-term practice. It has created a series of intelligent security technologies and products that help the public security system across the country to achieve innovative and intelligent upgrades. Defying the city's brain to help maintain urban public safety Vision Technology and Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute will be based on the principle of "demand traction, technology promotion, complementary advantages, cooperation and long-term development", in police work, video analysis, etc. In terms of the deep integration of intelligent technology, we will establish strategic partnerships, improve the police technology guarantee system that meets the requirements of the times, reflects Zhuhai characteristics, and is in line with international standards, and promotes the development of a new era of Zhuhai smart police. After the agreement is reached, Defiance Technology will jointly establish the ¡°Zhuhai Public Security Science and Technology Research Institute ? Defiance Technology Public Safety Video Joint Laboratory¡± with the Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute, giving full play to the scientific research application advantages and the scientific and technological advantages of defying technology. The related security technology and product development are carried out around the application direction of ¡°face recognition, video structuring, vehicle secondary recognition, person/car association, cross-camera tracking¡±, and applied to the actual business in time. At the same time, contempt will also promote the application of intelligent hardware products such as smart cameras and portable surveillance devices in conjunction with the Zhuhai Public Security Research Institute, and promote the transformation of artificial intelligence technologies and products in the big data policing cloud and police information engineering. And applications, play a demonstration role in the province and the country.Defiance Technology and Bank of Beijing to Realize Strategic Cooperation Financial Services Technology, Technology and Nursing Back Finance On September 6, Bank of Beijing and Zhongguancun Management Committee held a seminar on science and technology finance innovation at the Bank of Beijing Head Office Building, Zhongguancun Management Committee, New Director, Bank of Beijing Chairman Zhang Dongning and President of the Bank of China Zhongguancun Branch Xu Zhongxing attended the meeting and delivered speeches. At the meeting, Bank of Beijing and Zhongguancun Management Committee reached a new round of strategic cooperation agreement, and plans to provide 120 billion yuan of intentional credit for the enterprise growth, industrial development and park construction in the Zhongguancun demonstration area in the next three years, further increasing the scale of financial services and Strength. As the representative of Zhongguancun's leading edge technology enterprises and the core strategic partner of Bank of Beijing Technology Finance, Defiance Technology was invited to attend and complete the strategic signing ceremony with Zhongguancun Management Committee, Yijiesida, Kangliyoulan and other enterprises. The combination of industry and finance to create a scientific and technological innovation gold card Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone is China's first national independent innovation demonstration zone. With the wave of reform and opening up, after 30 years of development and construction, Zhongguancun has hatched a batch of outstanding and innovative enterprises. At the same time, it has built a unique development pattern of ¡°one district and multiple parks¡± and has become a test field and pioneering area for China's scientific and technological innovation. Over the years, the Bank of Beijing has earnestly implemented the spirit of the state and Beijing's directives on the construction of the Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone. It has insisted on piloting first, actively participating in Zhongguancun's technological and financial innovation, and nurturing Zhongguancun's innovative highland with constantly updated financial products. Zhang Dongning, chairman of the Bank of Beijing, said at the meeting that in addition to providing 120 billion yuan of credit support for the park enterprises, Bank of Beijing also added multiple dimensions from the construction of the credit system, the creation of a new ecosystem of science and technology, the establishment of franchisees, the establishment of green channels, and the cultivation of listings. Large-scale Zhongguancun enterprises, especially support for innovative and hard-tech enterprises, to help transform original scientific and technological achievements of cutting-edge technology projects. In this regard, the new director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee said that ¡°the industry and the financial industry are mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial. Zhongguancun can achieve today¡¯s achievements from science and technology but become capital. Bank of Beijing has always served the real economy and service technology innovation, and continues to Zhongguancun enterprises have provided strong support and are close partners in the process of enterprise growth. I hope that in the future, Bank of Beijing will increase subsidies for hard technology, high-tech and small and medium-sized enterprises, and target the breakthrough of core technology for technology enterprises. And support in research projects.¡± AI helped the digital transformation of the financial industry. In this symposium, Defiance Technology also signed a strategic cooperation with Bank of Beijing. In fact, as early as 2016, the dual convenience has already achieved the cooperation of AI innovation applications in some financial scenarios. Combining the practical needs of the Bank of Beijing countertop business and the existing hardware and software foundation, Defiance Technology has provided the Bank of China with a face recognition back-end engine and a face quality control plug-in, completing the complete system docking. At present, some of the branch offices of Bank of Beijing, as well as the direct banking and credit card online businesses have successfully applied the artificial intelligence technology of Vision Technology. In the long-term application process, the defying online and offline intelligent financial solutions provided a stable and efficient new intelligent risk control method for Bank of Beijing, which was fully affirmed and supported by the Bank of Beijing. After the signing of the strategic cooperation agreement, Bank of Beijing and Defiance Technology will jointly promote the in-depth development of technology and finance by combining their respective advantages. For example, first try the financial services of leading-edge technology enterprises and cooperate to explore artificial intelligence technology in financial business scenarios. Development and application. ¡°Defiance Technology was born in Zhongguancun and grew up in Zhongguancun. Under the background of China¡¯s smart manufacturing 2025 and the implementation of ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡±, Vision Technology, which focuses on artificial intelligence and Internet of Things technology, has grown into an industry-leading The cutting-edge technology type 'unicorn' is inseparable from the guidance of Beijing, Haidian District and Zhongguancun Management Committee in terms of policies, funds, talents and markets. In the short period of the company's founding, Bank of Beijing With the contempt of technology growth, we have been tirelessly providing comprehensive support for technological innovation companies like ours.¡± Fu Yingbo, president of Vision Technology, said: ¡°This is a strategic cooperation agreement with Bank of Beijing, marking that we will be with Bank of Beijing. To carry out deeper cooperation in the field of financial technology, especially in the development and construction of Bank of China's smart banking business, to achieve continuous exploration of technology-enabled financial innovation. I am very much looking forward to Bank of Beijing to practice more financial innovation and to aggregate more quality resources. Support the same cutting-edge technology companies as we do, and we will do our best. To develop more valuable AI products, and to bring the most cutting-edge technology and financial industry together to bring tangible convenience to the public."Defiance Technology has taken COCO+Mapillary as the world's number one, and Chinese companies have become the biggest winners. On September 8th, the biennial, one-week European Conference on Computer Vision, ECCV 2018, kicked off in Munich, Germany. According to official information, ECCV 2018 has 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials; 2439 submissions, including 776 papers (31.8%); nearly 3,200 registered participants, unprecedented in scale, exceeding ECCV 2016 (Amsterdam) 2 Times. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Joint Challenge Awards Venue September 9th, the most eye-catching Joint COCO and Mapilary Recognition Challenge Workshop in 43 Workshops at the Technical University of Munich (Technische University Munich) ) As scheduled, the final results of each competition will be announced and seminars will be exchanged. It is worth mentioning that the winning team of this joint challenge is all from China. In this joint challenge, COCO 4 matches, Mapillary 2 matches, a total of 6 events. Defying the 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition in the science and technology competition, a total of 4 competitions, respectively won 3 COCO first (including 1 tied for first) and 1 Mapillary first, winning in all four games. The ¡°big part of the country¡± of this challenge has been taken, and it has become the biggest winner. Since ICCV COCO+Places 2017 won three firsts, breaking Google and Microsoft's ¡°hegemony¡± and becoming the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship, this ECCV COCO+Mapillary 2018 defied the four battles of science and technology and won four The crown, the whole battle is a breakthrough, and the self-reinventing high, highlighting the absolute strength in the field of object recognition and detection. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Official results: Megvii won four crowns, COCO detection (coupling first), COCO keypoints, COCO panoptic and Mapillary panoptic. The COCO 2018 Joint Challenge is intended to study object recognition under the premise of scene understanding. This COCO Challenge item has 1) Instance Segmentation, 2) Panotic ? Segmentation, and 3) Keypoints. Keypoint detection) and 4) DensePose (human body intensive pose estimation); Mapillary Challenge items have 1) Instance Segmentation and 2) Panoptic ?Segmentation. Although COCO and Mapillary focus on the general problem of visual recognition, each specific task has a new exploration of the different dimensions of the problem under the blessing of the corresponding data set. COCO(& Mapillary) is one of the most authoritative and benchmarking datasets in the field of object recognition, and is one of the most influential competition platforms after ImageNet. COCO is an abbreviation of English Commen Objects in Context, and has the same name paper. The COCO data set is designed for full scene understanding and is intended to facilitate the development of object detection research. Mapillary Vistas is a newly launched Street View image dataset that focuses on high-level semantic understanding of images and promotes technology in areas such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. There are many differences between the dataset and the application task, while the latter complements the former. Generally speaking, COCO is the object recognition in the natural scene, and Mapillary focuses on the street scene recognition. Therefore, the form of the joint challenge is beneficial to the computer vision technology to be closer to the real scene and more applicable. Since the first Challenge of 2015, the number of COCO events has been continuously updated and the evaluation criteria have become more complicated; COCO 2018 has changed from previous years. In terms of detection, the example segmentation has become very popular in COCO in recent years. This year, both COCO and Mapillary have this item; as the detection technology is saturated, COCO removes the bounding box detection, but the results still appear on the list. on. Another change is the addition of DensePose? and Panoptic Segmentation. Panoptic Segmentation solves the classification problem of foreground objects and background objects on an image at the same time, and integrates the splitting semantic segmentation and instance segmentation into one, pushing the segmentation technology into a new realm and constantly approaching the real application. Both COCO and Mapillary also have this entry. This challenge, with the addition of COCO and Mapillary's two heavyweight data sets, provides a valuable opportunity to redefine and upgrade machine vision algorithms. Inspiring new insights is arguably the biggest value of COCO & Mapillary 2018. The results of the three championships have not only confirmed to the world the extraordinary strength of ignoring the original technology of computer vision, but also the scientific and innovative nature of the company's own ¡°big environment¡±. Technology is the premise of everything, and the champion is the technology again and again. With extraordinary technology, we continue to create maximum value for our customers and society. Defiance of technology is turning slogans into reality. As Dr. Yu Gang, the head of the Depression Research Group, said: ¡°The COCO competition last year made me see more of our solid details and the advantages of the company platform. But this year, the team¡¯s optimistic beliefs and victory. The persistence touched me deeply. Every time when our hopeful ideas produce results, they often end in disappointment. But we have never been frustrated by setbacks, we can stand up quickly every time, reflect on problems, continue An idea, this is exactly the ¡°Danfa¡± where we won the four crowns this time. There is no shortcut to doing Research, only continuous innovation and persistence.¡± Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute, also said "The COCO competition is a bit like Huashan's sword. How do you compare with the past year? In fact, apart from the results, I value the participation in the team's tempering, including strength and perseverance. The real Huashan sword is technology. The competition of products in the market, contempt for technology will always be the first."Face recognition technology applied to crime prevention Future prospects Broad use of facial recognition to prevent crime is no longer a fantasy. In many developed countries, facial recognition technology can be applied to criminals' prevention. Facial recognition technology is no longer only in science fiction movies. In the past, most people on facial recognition technology were in some sci-fi movies. Through the recognition of the front-end camera, the real identity of the object can be recognized in a few seconds. Can be used for remote monitoring, through more accurate facial recognition technology, even the escape of criminals, with this facial recognition technology, Skynet can be restored without leaking. In the British police department, this facial recognition technology has been applied to the actual pursuit of fugitives. Through the integration of behavioral software and facial recognition technology, the police can take this kind of face before the crime has taken place. Identify techniques to prevent precautions in advance, minimize the possibility of crime, or reduce the damage that may occur to a minimum. It is worth mentioning that this facial recognition technology can also be used in detention or in sentencing decisions to have a certain reference for executives to execute penalties. The emergence of this new technology has brought great surprises to local security, and it has also enabled more citizens to see the technical guarantees that emerged under the security upgrade. The application of facial recognition to crime prevention needs to be continuously improved and upgraded. Although face recognition technology has been successful in application precedent, there are still some hidden dangers in the actual use of complex scenes. Of course, these are only second, because through artificial The continuous leap and development of intelligent technology, I believe that the future face recognition applied to crime prevention, will also present a more delicate level. For example, in terms of fairness and transparency, computer application of facial recognition technology to prevent criminals will also be given to those who are pursued in a more fair and transparent manner, or the fairness of the actors that may occur. To improve the accuracy of the entire facial recognition technology, so that the police can chase the fugitives or combat the criminals become more accurate and fair, which is also a development direction of facial recognition in crime prevention. In the process, a noun has been integrated into the improvement and upgrade of facial recognition technology, which is "moral". How to make the machine operation look more humanized, this is also an important direction to improve the technical level in the future.Defying Technology and Asia-Pacific Telecom to Deploy China's Taiwan Market On September 11, China's AI Unicorn Technology announced that it has reached a strategic cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom. The two sides will jointly explore the Chinese Taiwan market and lay out financial, logistics, manufacturing and other fields. . At the same time, Asia Pacific Telecom will also introduce face recognition technology and FaceID identity verification service to achieve fast and accurate identification, improve work efficiency and optimize user experience. ¡ø Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of Vision Technology, and Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of the Asia-Pacific Telecom Industry Communications Innovation Application Center, stressed that technology can only generate value in the scene. I hope that this cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom can explore richer and more valuable application scenarios, open up markets in the financial, logistics and manufacturing industries in Taiwan, Taiwan, and the certification needs of Taiwan's banking industry or defying technology. The first step in the scale of Taiwan. Wang Jingyu, director of the Asia-Pacific Telecom Industry Communications Innovation Application Center, believes that face recognition will be a good "certification aid". For example, in the past, when you open an account with a bank, you have to take a double certificate to the counter. Now some of the operators have launched the cloud. When opening an account, there are still doubts about misuse and misappropriation of the account. If the biometric authentication mechanism can be added, accurate identification can be completed only by the process of on-site photography, which effectively reduces the risk. At present, Asia-Pacific Telecom has introduced a face recognition system that defies technology, allowing employees to directly punch their faces when they get on and off work. It is reported that after the cooperation between the two parties, discussions have been held with some public and private banks in Taiwan. It is foreseeable that under the new situation of the science and technology reform industry, the banking industry in Taiwan will introduce many artificial intelligence technologies such as face recognition, image recognition, object recognition and video structuring under the Vision Technology. Provide a better service experience. Asia Pacific Telecom will also join hands with Defiance Technology to take the lead in promoting the large-scale application of the "Face Recognition Access Control System" in Taiwanese enterprises. Desperate Technology was founded in Beijing in 2011. As an AI-centric Internet of Things solutions company, it has developed products such as face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robots. Widely used in personal, public and commercial Internet of Things, covering financial, mobile, security, logistics, retail and many other fields, and serving the Ministry of Public Security, Alibaba, Ant Financial, Foxconn, OPPO, vivo, NOKIA and China Merchants Bank , Bank of Beijing and other thousands of enterprises and institutions. In mainland China, Vision Technology has set up branches in Qingdao, Nanjing, Xuzhou, Ningbo, Chengdu, Shenzhen and other cities and reached city-level strategic cooperation with the cities, actively cooperated with the government's project construction, and played nationwide. The role of the leading enterprise of artificial intelligence. The cooperation with Asia-Pacific Telecom is an important step in defying the layout of the Chinese Taiwan market. Recently, Desperate Technology has cooperated with Taiwanese chip giants MediaTek and Qijing Optoelectronics to build an Android smart phone equipped with a face recognition system and rapidly expand. The layout on smart phone products. Tang Wenbin said: "Intelligence is an inevitable trend of enterprises. Through intelligentization to improve efficiency and enhance experience, contempt has laid the foundation for personal, urban and commercial business networking, and the next step is to expand the global market."Face recognition industry has huge market potential and rich application scenarios. Face recognition basic profile Face recognition is based on human facial feature information for identification cameras or cameras to collect images or video streams containing faces and automatically detect them in images. A series of related techniques for tracking a face and then performing a face on the detected face, which is also commonly called portrait recognition and face recognition. Face recognition technology is a typical application of artificial intelligence. Face recognition has been applied in some industries, such as border inspection and criminal investigation in the public security field, airports, railway stations, bus stations and other scenes in the transportation field, face attendance in the education industry, dormitory access management, kindergarten transportation, etc. . Obviously, with the further development of artificial intelligence, face recognition has great potential as a connection point between people and intelligence. Face recognition development stage analysis Face recognition was first studied by researchers in the 1960s. The real application stage was in the late 1990s, and its technology maturity has reached a high level. The entire development process can be divided into mechanical identification, semi-automatic identification, contactless identification, and Internet application. The global biometric market size analysis predicts that the global market for biometrics will grow at an average annual rate of 21.7% between 2007 and 2013, which is rare in most of the world's industry growth rates of less than 5%. In 2015, the global market for biometrics technology will reach 13 billion U.S. dollars, and will reach 25 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. The average annual growth rate in five years is about 14%. From 2015 to 2020, the market size of each segment is: fingerprint (73.3%), voice (100%), face (166.6%), iris (100%), and others (140%). Among the many biometric technologies, face recognition ranks first in terms of growth, and the market for face recognition technology is expected to rise to $24 billion by 2020. It is expected that in the case of smart terminals penetrating face recognition, the market size may exceed expectations. Biometrics field 2007-2020 Global biometrics market size statistics and growth forecast Global biometric segmentation industry market share statistics China's face recognition market size analysis and forecast According to the forward-looking industry research institute released "face recognition industry market prospects According to the statistics of the Investment Strategy Planning Analysis Report, the size of the Chinese face recognition market in 2016 was only 1.725 billion yuan. It is estimated that the size of the Chinese face recognition market will reach 2.716 billion yuan by 2018. The overall face recognition market in China in the next five years. It has grown rapidly and the market penetration has risen rapidly in the future. It is estimated that by 2021, the size of the Chinese face recognition market will exceed 5 billion yuan, reaching 5.316 billion yuan. The face recognition market size of China's face recognition in 2016-2021 and the application scenarios that predict the market demand analysis of face recognition, the face recognition market has great potential. The application scene is gradually increasing, and the layout of face recognition is also more abundant. From the consumer electronics field to automotive electronics, security, Internet payment, and finance, fingerprint identification is gradually introduced. With the development of consumer users' habits, market penetration will rise rapidly in the future. In order to answer how big the market space is, we should pay attention to three phenomena: 1. The overall market is growing rapidly; 2. The mobile phone market is starting; 3. The potential increase in the automobile and security markets. The face recognition scheme has a large overall space, with a compound annual growth rate of 27.68%. Face recognition, car and security provide potential incremental space. Automotive electronics is the next gold mine. Driven by electric vehicles and driverless technology, the electronic rate of automobiles is increasing rapidly. In 2000, the average number of chips used per car was only a dozen. In 2016, the average number of chips required for each car was 600. In the future, the electronic rate of automobiles will further increase. Bosch, Continental, NVIDIA and Chrysler have demonstrated in-vehicle face recognition applications at CES 2017. Face recognition is expected to enter the automotive electronics field in the future. The global annual sales of 80 million vehicles, taking into account the number and size of filters required by the car; the structure of the components and other factors, and the cost of the vehicle is smaller, the price sensitivity is low, ASP should be higher than the mobile phone, 50% penetration rate, the future space capacity is about 500 million. The security field contributes to face recognition in another incremental market. It is conservatively estimated that the sales of security cameras will reach 40 million units in the future, with a 50% penetration rate, and the market space will be about 100 million in the future. Policy support has been continuously strengthened Since 2015, the state has intensively issued ¡°Guiding Opinions on Banking Financial Institutions to Open RMB Accounts Remotely (Consultation Draft)¡±, ¡°Technical Requirements for Security Video Surveillance Face Recognition System¡±, and Information Security Laws and regulations such as the Technical Network Face Recognition and Authentication System Security Technical Requirements have laid a solid foundation for the popularization of face recognition in the fields of finance, security, medical care, etc., and cleared the policy obstacles. At the same time, in 2017, artificial intelligence was first written into the national government report. As an important segment of artificial intelligence, it can be expected that the policy support for face recognition will continue to increase. The primary market is hot, and domestic patents continue to rise. In the context of rapid market growth and increased policy support, the popularity of the primary market has also increased. At the same time, with the rapid rise of a number of star companies and domestic investment in the field of face recognition, the number of domestic face recognition technology patents has also been rising. From the number of new additions each year, there are still fewer than 100 new patents in 2007, 2015 The year ushered in an outbreak. By 2015, the number of new patents reached 1,398, which is a global leader. Judging from the current cumulative number of patents, China's face recognition public patents have reached more than 4,000 cases, significantly more than other countries and regions. The significant enhancement of technical strength has also opened up the domestic market and laid a solid foundation for the rapid spread of commercial products. The face recognition scene is grounded, and the operational service eco-rich face recognition pilot is accelerated to help intelligently upgrade rail transit. With the development of techniques and algorithms such as artificial intelligence and deep learning, the recognition speed and accuracy of face recognition technology have been rapidly improved and gradually commercialized. Jiadu Technology strengthens its independent research and development capabilities and gradually promotes the application of face recognition technology in the field of airport and urban rail transit. Face recognition technology has the characteristics of rapid recognition speed and low false positive rate. It has great synergy with the company's rail transit business. The application of face recognition technology can quickly confirm the identity of tourists, improve the efficiency of ticket sales and security control and intelligent transportation. Innovation in credit system construction, innovation in O2O industry, innovation in big data cooperation, and joint promotion of low-carbon green travel.World Artificial Intelligence Conference Opens in Shanghai Defiance Technology Leads AI+IoT Industry Innovation On September 17, the highly anticipated artificial intelligence field event, the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC 2018), officially kicked off in Shanghai. As a global artificial intelligence high-end conference and top artificial intelligence cooperation and exchange platform jointly sponsored by the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Internet Information Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Shanghai Municipal Government, President Xi Jinping I also warmly congratulate the convening of this conference. Li Qiang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Committee, and member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier Liu He attended the opening ceremony and delivered a speech. President Xi Jinping wrote in a letter saying that a new generation of artificial intelligence is booming around the world, injecting new kinetic energy into economic and social development, and is profoundly changing people's production and lifestyle. China is committed to achieving high-quality development. The development and application of artificial intelligence will effectively improve the level of intelligence in economic and social development and effectively enhance public services and urban management capabilities. I hope that the guests will focus on the theme of "a new era of artificial intelligence empowerment", deepen exchanges, build consensus, and jointly promote artificial intelligence for the benefit of mankind. The 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference, with the theme of ¡°A New Era of Artificial Intelligence Empowerment¡±, brings together experts, scholars and corporate leaders from nearly 40 countries and regions to deliver speeches and high-end dialogues around the frontiers, industrial trends and hot issues of artificial intelligence technology. In addition, there are more than 200 leading companies in the field of artificial intelligence to participate in the forum and exhibition activities. As a leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in the world, Vision Technology also demonstrated its top-notch artificial intelligence technology independently developed at the conference, and several representatives of enterprises were invited to participate in many forum activities of the conference. AI leads the development of intelligent industry and empowers new economy into new kinetic energy. On the opening day of WAIC 2018, the conference also held the forum of ¡°Integrated Development of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy¡± with the theme of ¡°Energy New Economy¡¤AI Future¡±. At present, the intelligent technology industry represented by artificial intelligence has developed rapidly and has become a new kinetic energy to promote industrial upgrading and promote economic transformation. In the future, how will the commercialization model of artificial intelligence develop? What changes will happen to industry and society due to artificial intelligence? In this regard, the deceased technology president Fu Yingbo and Paradise Silicon Valley industry partner Xu Yuyuan, Xiao i robot CEO Zhu frequency, Wu Yi technology CEO Wu Gansha, Cambrian vice president Luo Wei in the forum launched a high-end dialogue. Fu Yingbo, the president of Defiance Technology, was invited to attend the ¡°Integrated Development of Artificial Intelligence and the Real Economy¡±. Fu Yingbo first described the commercialization of artificial intelligence in Defiance Technology. He said that Defiance Technology was established. In the first five years, with the focus on R&D core technology, by accumulating a number of industry-leading AI technologies and gathering R&D talents, Defiance Technology really began to enter the commercialization process in 2016. Such a development model makes contempt for a step ahead of other companies in the process of technology landing and solving industrial problems. In the question of how enterprises can adapt artificial intelligence technology to the industry, he pointed out that it is first necessary to clarify the scene of technology application, and the choice of scenes cannot be greedy, defying the first step in the process of applying artificial intelligence machine vision. Security, the two just-needed industries, have scorned the industry, retail, logistics, mobile phones, and robotics industries in the constant practice. Secondly, Fu Yingbo believes that turning technology into valuable products in the process of landing can promote artificial intelligence to truly bring about cost reduction and efficiency improvement for the industry. Regarding the future of the artificial intelligence industry, Fu Yingbo believes that in the future of the digital economy booming, more data and exploration of industry scenarios will enable the artificial intelligence industry to take off, the integration of traditional industries and the real economy and artificial intelligence. It will be more extensive, and the entire society will be better because of artificial intelligence. Combining algorithm innovation with application innovation to promote the comprehensive development of ¡°AI+ Entity Economy¡± In the application display and experience design, WAIC 2018 special AI boutique exhibition, focusing on big data, computing power, algorithms, and assembling domestic and foreign AI industry giants to ¡°visualize¡± The technology focuses on the three basic elements of the explosive development of artificial intelligence to the professional audience - data resources, computing power, core algorithms. The innovative algorithm exhibition area shows the global frontier artificial intelligence deep learning algorithm framework and its application scenarios and products, as well as the technical application and innovation of face recognition technology in urban brain, medical, financial, intelligent car and other fields. Detroit Technology's new Sky Eye 2.0 system was also unveiled here. Despising the Sky Eye 2.0 landing WAIC 2018 algorithm has always been an indispensable part of the computer science field, especially in this wave of artificial intelligence technology, algorithm innovation plays a decisive role. Defiance Technology is one of the earliest technology companies in China to develop artificial intelligence applications using deep learning methods, and always pursues the essential innovation at the algorithm level. To this end, contempt has launched a fully self-developed full-process end-to-end deep learning training engine, MegBrain, as early as 2015, which can realize the internal deep learning calculation and data resource management automation, as well as the algorithm training process. On top of its own deep learning engine and basic data architecture, Vision Technology has completed algorithmic breakthroughs again and again, and the leading edge of the algorithm has been verified in the global competition platform: October 2017, Vision Technology The Institute won three world championships in the MS COCO + Places joint challenge in the world's top computer vision competition. In September 2018, contempt for the MS COCO + Mapillary Challenge and won four world championships. . Despising continuous innovation in algorithms is the cornerstone for technology applications. The core issues surrounding image recognition such as classification, detection and segmentation, as well as deep learning models of different platforms such as cloud, mobile, and chip, despise the desire to create algorithms that can serve products and improve product experience and quality. ¡°Defiant Eyes 2.0¡± is a city-level IOT solution based on core algorithms and combined with urban security, urban traffic and urban governance needs. Through the comprehensive use of face recognition, human body recognition, vehicle identification, video structuring, Trajectory tracking and other technologies can enable cameras to visualize urban offline data, and use artificial intelligence and big data analysis to create intelligent integrated application platforms for urban managers. Artificial intelligence is a supporting technology related to the economic transformation of the country. It is the most likely area to initiate another industrial revolution. The AI ??application cannot be separated from the essential innovation of the algorithm, and the technology is also inseparable from commercial landing. Therefore, artificial intelligence and the real economy The combination is an important way for the country to expand its new kinetic energy and seize the commanding heights of the global industry. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China clearly proposes to promote the deep integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy. For enterprises, how to create a closed loop of ¡°artificial intelligence and real economy¡±? In response to national policies and actively exerting its own advantages, Defiance Technology has defined the synergistic development strategy of ¡°AI+IoT¡± and strives to realize the future development of the company by implementing the ¡°1+3¡± industrial layout. ¡°1¡± refers to the independent original AI technology system, which provides a solid technical foundation and support for the business; ¡°3¡± refers to the specific business carried out in the physical industry based on the personal IoT, public IoT and commercial IoT. On September 14th, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology officially announced the ¡°Innovative Project of Intensive Integration of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy in 2018¡±, defiance of the original AI technology system of ¡°Technology and Intelligent Deep Learning Platform Development and Application¡± as the focus of training resource service platform. The project was selected. In the practice of combining with the real economy, after 7 years of tempering, Defiance Technology has accumulated rich experience and achieved some achievements, making innovative technologies in finance, mobile phones, auto, security, community, logistics and retail. The scene is deeply applied. In the future, Defiance will always adhere to the ¡°AI+IoT¡± strategy and contribute to the sustainable and large-scale application of artificial intelligence. Where does the combination of artificial intelligence and industry push the change? How will technology subvert the existing market to create a new pattern? What emerging research is moving from the laboratory to commercialization? September 18th 14:00 - 18:00WAIC ??2018 will also invite MIT TR 35 young scientists to gather together to talk about "New Generation, Xinjiang Frontier, New Engine", which is the founder and CEO of Vision Technology, and the chief scientist of Vision Technology Dr. Sun Jian will share the brief history of AI development and the frontier of AI production and research. Please pay attention!WAIC 2018 | Defiance Technology Attends the Youth AI Scientists Forum to Inherit and Innovate AI Futures On September 18th, the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC 2018) Youth AI Scientists Forum was held at Shanghai Hanghui Building, Shanghai Vice Mayor Wu Qing attended the forum and delivered a speech. Yan Qi, co-founder and CEO of Defiance Technology, and Sun Jian, chief scientist of Desperate Technology and dean of the Institute of Defiance of Science and Technology, were also invited as representatives of science and technology in the field of artificial intelligence industry to share the ideology of cutting-edge AI research. Wu Qing, deputy mayor of Shanghai, attended the forum and delivered a speech. This forum is one of the most in-depth activities of AI science at WAIC 2018. Turing Award winners, several academicians, nearly ten MIT TR 35 winners, AI unicorn corporate leaders and university scholars gathered together to create artificial intelligence with the theme of "New Generation, New Frontier, New Engine" The road to the future will be discussed. At the same time, the Shanghai Economic and Trade Commission as the guiding unit, Shanghai Jiaotong University and Yuxin Technology jointly launched the Youth AI Scientists Union (Wutonghui) was formally established at the forum, and members of the alliance such as Shen Xiangyang, Sun Jian and Lu Cewu jointly launched the alliance. . Experts in the AI ??field launched the "Youth AI Scientists Alliance" to explore the AI ??boundary - the achievements of the AI ??industry research will continue. Today, artificial intelligence technology is flooding into every corner of society, causing subversive changes in the industry and people's lives. However, this change is far from the moment of stopping, and the application of artificial intelligence continues to expand, expand and deepen. To this end, in addition to continuing to strengthen the application of artificial intelligence in real-life scenarios, the frontier scientific inquiry in this field is even more necessary. The ¡°Young AI Scientists Talk¡± forum took this opportunity to invite a number of senior experts in the AI ??field to explore the future challenges and development of artificial intelligence research from the perspective of ¡°production, study and research¡±. Among them, Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute of Defiance, shared the research from the industrial side AI. Sun Jian (second from left), the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and the dean of the Institute, and the guests started the "AI Frontier Industry-University-Research" dialogue. The origin of artificial intelligence development is the breakthrough of deep learning technology. The current research on deep learning is still AI. The main direction of exploration for scientists and businesses. Sun Jian said that the current development of AI is mainly based on the study of deep learning over the years. Through continuous accumulation, it has been able to train very deep deep learning systems. At the same time, such a system is also open, as long as there is enough data volume, everyone can use it to develop technology and products, which is the source of AI's prosperity. Compared with the previous two years, the breakthrough in deep learning has decreased in the past year, and the industry is also worried about whether this trend will continue. In this regard, Sun Jian still gives an optimistic attitude. He believes that AI has the same peaks and troughs as other technical studies. In the field of artificial intelligence such as computer vision, there are still many smart people in the world doing research. In addition, he also pointed out that the government and society are constantly paying attention and input to artificial intelligence, and artificial intelligence research has better dividends than before, which will also promote AI in both theoretical innovation and industrial practice. Can have more results. A brief history of AI - inheritance and innovation achievements in the future from "the Arabian Nights" to "no one does not talk", the development of artificial intelligence technology has experienced a whole family. Today, artificial intelligence has begun to infiltrate into various industries. Whether it is the state, enterprises, experts, scholars or practitioners are discussing how to use artificial intelligence to improve production efficiency and empower industrial upgrading. But in addition to the technology itself, there are more instructive topics to be discussed - that is, in today's rapid development of technology, how to continue to cultivate artificial intelligence talents, so that leading talents can keep up with industrial development and achieve "AI Xing Wanye" A hundred years of planning? To explore this issue, the WAIC 2018 Youth AI Scientists Forum specially invited the 1994 Turing Award winner, Carnegie Mellon University professor Raj Reddy, and Microsoft Global Executive Vice President Shen Xiangyang, Vision Technology founder and CEO Yin Qi (MIT) TR 35), Professor of Shanghai Jiaotong University, Ph.D. Lu Cewu (MIT TR 35), founder and CEO of Minxin Technology, Zhu Mingjie (MIT TR 35), and Yao Ban from Tsinghua University, ACM class of Shanghai Jiaotong University, Dr. Wu Wenjun, The IEEE class, as well as the student representatives of the Junior College of China University of Science and Technology came to the scene and staged the ¡°Four Worlds¡± of the AI ??session. The old, middle, young and young AI scientists talked about artificial intelligence in the ¡°new generation¡± roundtable discussion. Inheritance and innovation. Shen Xiangyang showed the "Four Worlds Together" scene in the AI ??world on the forum. Shen Xiangyang first showed a precious "AI genealogy" to everyone. The picture shows the masters of artificial intelligence from the Dartmouth conference to the scholars and entrepreneurs of today's artificial intelligence. Raj Reddy's mentor is "the father of artificial intelligence" J. McCarthy. Raj claims to be the "second generation of artificial intelligence researchers." In more than 50 years of research, Professor Raj Reddy "trained" a considerable number of talents, in addition to Shen Xiangyang, including the famous computer scientist, the father of Java, James. Gosling, Chairman and CEO of Innovation Works, Li Kaifu, Hong Xiaowen, the fourth president of Microsoft Research Asia, and Huang Xuedong, the leader of Microsoft speech recognition. However, Professor Raj Reddy¡¯s answer to the question of cultivating scientists is quite Zen: ¡°In fact, I never train my students. I just give them directions and encourage them to let go and use their wisdom to find solutions to problems. They have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes.¡± Raj Reddy: ¡°I don¡¯t agree with you. But I encourage you to continue to try.¡± As one of the representatives of contemporary young AI scientists, Inge¡¯s growth from student to high-end leading talent is very typical. At the scene, Inch and his guests shared his three important stages of life and the key skills he learned from his mentor. ¡°In Yaoban, Tsinghua, Professor Yao taught me to set a top ultimate goal and insist on doing it, and believe that I am the best, because I believe so I see it ? this is what we advocate in the process of doing business today. I must strengthen my technical beliefs and continue to act; and my biggest achievement at Columbia is to learn how to tell a story, make a report, and have the skills to persuade others. This technique is mostly researched. What people don't have; when they come to Microsoft, Harry (Shen Xiangyang) tells me that I can't do one thing in one direction, and I should make adjustments to make a good balance between research and business." People and CEO Yinqi Throughout the ages, youth are the most dynamic and creative groups in different eras. However, is there a certain connection between "juvenile fame" and "juvenile class"? In this regard, Dr. Shen Xiangyang, who attended the university at the age of 13, has the most say. ¡°I think the more important thing is the goal and the way of learning. You have to know what you want to learn, what you want to do, and you can master the skills of fast learning instead of a simple test.¡± Dr. Shen Xiangyang pointed out, ¡°Of course if you can college in the morning, It's definitely a good thing. If it's night, it doesn't matter. Everyone has to re-create themselves and discover new things instead of graduating early." But I have to admit that most successful people are faster than ordinary people. Most of the guests in the Global Youth AI Scientists Forum are winners of the MIT TR 35 (35 MIT science and technology innovators selected by the MIT Science and Technology Review). The list means that the winners are The age of 35 years old has already made a significant impact or subversive contribution in the industry. In the field of artificial intelligence, Chinese youth face two rare opportunities: on the one hand, the background of the information revolution and the intelligent revolution, and on the other hand, the rise of China in the world's major powers and the strategic tilt of artificial intelligence. The 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference has released a clearer signal: the development of artificial intelligence is the responsibility and mission of the new young people in contemporary China. The contempt technology, with an average age of less than 30, is fortunate to be a pioneer in this wave of AI and is working to train a new generation of young scientists. In contempt, sufficient research resources and one-on-one training gave the geniuses a free and fulfilling growth environment. Yesterday we can win the world championship on behalf of Chinese science and technology enterprises. Today we still live up to the times and innovate in heritage; I believe that the goodness of tomorrow will be created by us.2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference | Despise AI+IoT Technology Innovation Drive Digital China Construction In the third week of September, it is necessary to become the busiest week in the technology circle this year. The artificial intelligence event WAIC 2018 has just come to an end. On September 19th, the world's top technology conference ¡°2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference¡± hosted by Alibaba Group officially kicked off. In four days, there will be thousands of top scholars, industry experts and more than 200 top technology companies from 64 countries, sharing cutting-edge technology concepts, demonstrating advanced innovations, and creating a massive technology. Carnival. As a strategic partner of Alibaba Group and the world's leading artificial intelligence technology company, Defiance Technology has once again traveled to Yunqi Town to showcase its latest artificial intelligence black technology (Booth No.: D1-218). This year's Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference focused on the ¡°Driving Digital China¡± theme, focusing on the booming and growing influence of digital technology in China and around the world. In recent years, with the strong promotion of the government, the construction of digital China is in full swing. The total number of China's digital economy has reached about 3.8 trillion US dollars, ranking second in the world. Zhang Yong, CEO of Alibaba Group, said at the opening ceremony of the conference: "The Yunqi Conference has entered its 10th year. Alibaba Cloud and Yunqi Conference have grown to a scale with global influence, and it is also digital China. Digital technology has been a microcosm of China's development over the past decade. Zhang Yong also believes that in the next 10 to 20 years, digital technology and the new generation of Internet it carries will definitely produce politics, economy, commerce, humanities, people's livelihood, etc. All-round impact. AI+IoT drives digital China, both in the development of digital technology and in the construction of digital China, defying the wave of digital transformation from the beginning of its creation with artificial intelligence as its focus. Artificial intelligence collects and calculates data as the basis for survival and development. In the process of mining social scene data to develop artificial intelligence technology, it despises to explore the technological innovation path of AI+IoT, targeting individual IoT, commercial IoT and public IoT. The core data generated in the big object scene, combined with its world-class deep learning algorithm, can create artificial intelligence technologies and products that can bring subversive cost reduction and efficiency upgrades to the financial, security, community, retail, mobile phone, logistics and other industries. At the 2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference, contempt brought the latest technological achievements under the AI+IoT concept ? Visionary City Eye 2.0, digital stores, intelligent logistics robots and other AI products, one beyond your imagination. In the future of the smart world, contempt is presenting it (Booth No.: D1-218). Safer due to AI - Defiance of the city Tianyan 2.0 at the Yunqi Conference site, Jin Zhi, deputy director of the Zhejiang Provincial Public Security Bureau officially released the "City Data Brain" traffic V2.0 in Hangzhou. Hangzhou City Brain has brought qualitative improvement to the improvement of Hangzhou urban transportation and other fields with the technical support of Alibaba Cloud and other enterprises. However, in the Yunqi Exhibition Hall, there is also a ¡°urban brain¡± based on artificial intelligence machine vision technology ? that is, the urban eye system that despise. Despising the city Tianyan 2.0 debut in the Yunqi City Tianyan system, is a smart city integrated management platform based on the original deep learning algorithm. In 2015, Destiny launched the 1.0 version of the city's eye-eyes with face recognition as the core; after years of continuous technical upgrades and implementation practices, in 2018, the upgraded version of the City Eye 2.0 system was released. The upgraded "Eye of the Eyes" despise the technical requirements under the scenes of urban security, transportation, and governance, and develops face recognition, humanoid recognition, cross-camera tracking, vehicle identification, video structuring, intelligent analysis, etc. The integration of visual technology and big data analysis technology into the system has created a platform for online, visual, and intelligent analysis of urban key scene data and comprehensive management of the city, which is safe for urban security, transportation, and comprehensive treatment. Governance has brought about tremendous improvement. At present, contempt has also allowed ¡°Tianyan¡± to be spread across more than 100 cities across the country. Knowing you better because of AI - Defiance of digital store solutions At the 2016 Yunqi Conference in Hangzhou, Chairman of Alibaba Group Chairman Ma Yun proposed the "five new" strategy represented by "new retail." In the past two years, ¡°new retail¡± has detonated the commercial revolution of online and offline integration, profoundly changing the brand and traditional retail industry, and bringing new value to consumers. In May of this year, it despised the new intelligent retail business with AI+IoT technology innovation concept, and launched the industry-leading digital store solution consisting of ¡°retail cloud¡± and ¡°smart end¡± to establish a new retail industry technology application. New benchmark. At the 2018 Hangzhou¡¤Yunqi Conference show, Defiance also opened a digital store to showcase this new retail solution. Despise the display of a new generation of digital store solutions in Yunqi. The core of the digital store solution is to bring digital, online and intelligent improvements to store operations. In the digital convenience store, the smart terminal deployed in the contempt can identify and confirm the members of the store, and at the same time, through the core technologies of attribute analysis, trajectory tracking, product identification and intelligent shelf sensing terminals, the physical store can be digitally upgraded to help the merchants in real time. Grasp the dynamic trend, regional thermal distribution and commodity consumption preferences of the in-store customer groups under different conditions (age, gender, time, etc.). At the same time, combined with the existing ERP/CRM data of the retail enterprise, the digital store background models the merged data through deep learning, intelligently solves the problem of what goods are required to enter the store, when to purchase the goods, and how many products are selected; Help the store build a favorite image of the user group and implement user consumption recommendations in different scenarios. This intelligent auxiliary business decision-making system realized by AI+IoT can enable traditional retail operators to improve the store manager's ability in a short period of time, so that the young inexperienced store manager can quickly reach the store manager level of 5-10 years. In actual implementation, contempt has also applied this digital store solution to more than 1,000 retail enterprises across the country, including Hangzhou's good neighbors. More efficient due to AI - Despising intelligent logistics robots In 2018, Ma Yun once again proposed "new manufacturing" after the new retail. He believes that new manufacturing will redefine manufacturing and profoundly affect the upgrading of supply chain, business services, operations and other fields. . In the ignorant AI+IoT practice, new manufacturing areas have also begun to be laid out. Intelligent logistics robots are regarded as solving the high cost and low efficiency pain points existing in the traditional warehousing and logistics industry, and the robot products driven by artificial intelligence technology hope to replace the labor in the field of warehousing and logistics with "smart" machines to realize warehousing. The unmanned, automated and intelligent logistics operation and management bring the cost reduction and efficiency improvement to the industry. In the process of development, ignoring the technology of machine vision and intelligent scheduling based on advanced deep learning algorithms embedded in the robot, combined with specific scenes, the robot has intelligent picking such as ¡°goods to people¡±, ¡°order to people¡± and ¡°P2P¡±. And handling capacity. At the same time, contempt has also created a comprehensive solution of ¡°robot + warehousing system + data analysis¡± for warehousing, factory and other industry users, continuously helping the supply chain to improve overall efficiency and create more value for industry customers. Defiance of intelligent logistics robots first in the field of industry, the current defiance has created the largest 500 robotic smart warehouse in Asia, Tianjin "Future No. 1" warehouse, in the industry many applications on the front line have defied intelligent logistics robots The figure. In addition to the above three innovative black technologies, contempt also showed the face recognition unlocking and portrait light effect technology in the mobile phone field at this conference; the face recognition access panel machine products applied to the industry IOT scene . There are also intelligent hardware innovation products MegEye-C3S intelligent capture machine, MegBox B2R front-end computing unit and personal identification machine. Defiance AI+IoT is landing in a wider range of industry scenes. Through persevering innovations in artificial intelligence products, contempt for industry-leading business in many industries, the consequent increase in industry segmentation provides a larger amount of data processing for contempt. In the face of the data trend of blowout, in addition to continuous optimization and upgrade at the algorithm level, it is necessary to equip the computing power with more powerful hardware facilities to accelerate the iterative innovation of artificial intelligence technology. In this regard, contempt for the excellent cooperation between artificial intelligence "data, algorithms and computing power" through cooperation with Alibaba Cloud. In the recent MS COCO competition in the world's computer vision field, relying on the powerful computing power provided by Alibaba Cloud's latest generation GPU cloud service server GN6 family, Vision Technology won four world firsts and became the biggest winner of this competition. . Alibaba Cloud has a public cloud GPU computing cluster with domestic scale and technology leadership. With the support of Alibaba Cloud's security, stability and high performance, the road to innovation in defying artificial intelligence technology has become more stable and smooth. In the future, the dividends brought about by the vigorous development of digital technology will spread in all corners of the world, and China has now entered the fast lane of digital economic development. As Zhang Yong, CEO of Alibaba Group, said, only the perfect combination of new energy and new technology can really drive the development of digital China. Defiance will continue to adhere to the innovative development of artificial intelligence technology, and will also share a new chapter in the future development of science and technology with partners in more fields.The subject of artificial intelligence will be set up. The impact of artificial intelligence on the development of the economic industry is indelible, and the scope of coverage has become wider and wider. The significant influence of AI technology on the education industry is the representative of it. The arrival of the artificial intelligence era determines the development direction of the future education industry to a large extent. It will be more closely integrated with artificial intelligence. At that time, AI technology will be the core. Education and smart parks will also be established one after another. Previously, more than 20 colleges and universities across the country have jointly signed relevant proposals for the establishment of undergraduate majors in artificial intelligence. This also means that artificial intelligence has entered the education sector and is popular among colleges and universities. It is not a distant matter. In the era of artificial intelligence technology, all walks of life will show unlimited power with the integration of AI. In order to further realize the seamless connection between professional and industry, the professional subjects related to artificial intelligence also ushered in the era that must be established, which will have a significant impact on enhancing students' innovative ability and entrepreneurial awareness. In view of the wide application range of artificial intelligence technology, and its adaptability and permeability are relatively strong, it has relatively high feasibility as a discipline. The impact of artificial intelligence on education is first and foremost the traditional education, which is the influence of higher education. By increasing the professional categories of artificial intelligence, schools can set up more distinctive AI technology majors according to their own characteristics, and create more professional training programs and courses to cultivate cutting-edge talents with artificial intelligence technology. In this way, the establishment of excellent talents will bring better source protection. At the same time, in order to realize the employment value of students, it will also bring stronger protection. The education and wisdom park will become the development direction of the future education industry. It will benefit from the characteristics of the artificial intelligence professional subject. At that time, the education will also present a richer AI element, and a set of educational smart park solutions that integrates intelligence and efficiency. It will also be gradually put into becoming one of the strategies for building artificial intelligence professional subjects that more universities can learn from. Relevant professionals believe that the establishment of educational smart parks is a new understanding of artificial intelligence affecting the education industry, re-deploying AI technology to a more detailed level, so that more new generations of people can access the artificial intelligence profession. Charismatic features, while inspiring these young people's entrepreneurship and creating passion, are also sending more and more AI talents to the society. In the future educational smart park setting program, more intelligent professional subjects will be set up, perhaps their names are not the same, but they are all different, they are all based on big data. Smart subject.Is machine learning so amazing? Look at AI from face VIP recognition. The topic of machine learning and AI has been maintaining a very enthusiastic trend for several years. A number of AI products such as face VIP recognition have also been born on the market. Many people have identified these products from face VIPs and concluded that AI may control humans in the future. In fact, such conclusions are nonsense. Recently, Michael I. Jordan, an academician of the US Academy of Sciences and a machine learning leader, and a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, explained his profound understanding of artificial intelligence and machine learning in an AI meeting. Professor Jordan talked about this topic in a forum. He believes that products such as face VIP recognition are actually a collection of data, which is essentially invented by humans. The so-called machine learning is just constantly imitating human behavior, and this behavior is the most basic. In addition, he also said that the current people exaggerated the ability of AI, because there has not been such a thing before, so this craze will appear. When life is filled with face-to-face VIP recognition products, it will become commonplace. For some people, it is now in the AI ??era, Jordan said that he does not recognize it, because he feels that it is not enough to call it the AI ??era, because the scenes of the machine's own consciousness in the film science fiction film still do not happen in reality. As for the wisdom of the alpha dog, Jordan said that he does not recognize such behavior, because it can win only because humans have stored a large amount of data in it, it only draws conclusions through simple calculations, essence It is also controlled by humans. Machine learning requires a huge amount of data, and some people worry that personal privacy will cease to exist in the future. In fact, this is inevitable. From the words of Professor Jordan, we can see that artificial intelligence is definitely the mainstream of future development, but it is not as terrible as rumors, and it is still a primary stage. The emergence of products such as face VIP recognition has greatly facilitated our lives. Now more and more artificial intelligence products are put into our lives. I believe that there will be better products in the future to make our lives more colorful. Some people have a very exclusive attitude towards the artificial intelligence industry. In fact, this is completely unnecessary. An emerging industry is controversial at the beginning, but what we have to do is to accept it instead of reject it. The development of an industry requires all human beings to work together. In this way, the industry in the future is enough to change the world. Face VIP identification and other products are also simple to collect face data for analysis, these are the processing of data, in fact, this industry can also be seen as a mathematical industry, not rumored so magical. If you look at the industry correctly, you can unravel its mysterious veil.What is the embodiment of the face-paying technology in the era of artificial intelligence in the retail industry? In the era of artificial intelligence, intelligent technology has a high-profile admission to all walks of life and fully promotes the ecological change of the industry. For example, in the retail sector, face-sharing has become an increasingly popular payment option. In the past, brushing the face seems to be just the imagination of a science fiction movie. However, when the face payment was made in the 2015 Hanover Electronics Show in Germany, this payment method went down the altar with the popularity of artificial intelligence technology and entered our lives. At present, face recognition is one of the most mature and widely used technologies in the era of artificial intelligence, while face-paying is based on face recognition technology. In the retail industry, in addition to face-to-face payment, there are many smart terminal services around face recognition technology, such as intelligent welcome, member identification, user behavior track analysis, etc. All of these functions depend on face recognition technology and intelligence. Friendly adaptation of hardware devices. Adding identification capabilities to smart hardware devices can further help the sales industry analyze customer situations, store sales, and availability of goods. Through the cloud data in the background, this system can better calculate the habits of consumers, and can also help the store to develop a more reasonable marketing plan. For sales people, smart technology can simplify tedious work tasks. Intelligent voice services, or robotic automated services, can liberate labor, simplify, reduce costs and increase efficiency in shopping, replenishment, cashier, and many other areas that require traditional human support, and further satisfy customer demands. In this process, brush face payment as the final link of sales is also the core display of intelligent recognition technology. By recognizing the face and scanning the face, online payment can be completed. Based on the uniqueness of the face and the dynamic non-combination feature, the face payment can even surpass the fingerprint payment, which can create a more efficient and convenient payment environment for the user. So in the era of artificial intelligence, nothing is impossible. Now we don¡¯t even need to bring a wallet, maybe even the mobile phone will not be used in the future, because your face is your identity authentication, scanning through the smart terminal machine. And identification, you can complete different needs on different occasions, and the convenience of work and life has been greatly improved. Nowadays, the payment method of brush face is constantly expanding and extending. We are looking forward to a new technology that can further integrate our life and bring more convenience and surprise to the retail industry. The reality of our lives brings more intelligent elements to improve the quality of our lives.Global Smart Enterprise Strength Ranking What is the status of China's smart enterprise? In the age of technology, artificial intelligence plays an important role in all areas of life and work, and the number of smart companies is beginning to rise. In the competition of global smart enterprises, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China can be far ahead, and in other hard powers, China's smart enterprises may still have a lot of room for improvement. According to the data of an artificial intelligence enterprise PK ranking, in the global smart enterprises, the number of applications for artificial intelligence in the field of artificial intelligence should be the highest between China and the United States. Be ahead of other countries. However, to judge the strength of smart enterprises, we still have to look at two factors, one is the number of patent applications, and the other is the strength of patents. As we said above, although China has a relatively high number of advantages in patent application, there may be a certain gap between the patent strength and the US smart enterprise. Of course, this is only temporary and will change in the future. No matter what, no one can predict. However, as far as the current data is concerned, most of the types of companies applying for patent applications are technology-based enterprises that apply for the main body of the application, while in China, most of them apply for universities. From this point, we can figure out that there may be a certain amount of gap in the application of patents by China's current smart companies. Perhaps this may be because Chinese universities focus on deep development in the study of artificial intelligence, and the United States On the other hand, the number of patent applications applied by universities is relatively small, because universities there generally pay more attention to basic computer learning, and the research of these partial mathematical theories is difficult to protect by patents. In terms of the strength of patents, China's smart enterprises still have some room for improvement. As far as the world's strongest artificial intelligence companies are concerned, they have basically been undertaken by some of the top artificial intelligence brands. They not only have strength but also have quantitative advantages. Despite this, many people still believe that there will be many unknowns in the field of intelligence in the future, and the competition for the strength of smart enterprises is no longer limited to the current evaluation factors, and the future evaluation criteria will be further deepened. And it will involve more layers, and this data will change at that time. There is a long way to go, and there are more innovative solutions for artificial intelligence that we need to develop. We believe that there will be new weather in the future of the global human race track, and China will make unremitting efforts to seize the technical commanding heights.How will the rapid development of artificial intelligence improve the traditional security monitoring system? In recent years, as people's living environment has become more and more complicated, many security systems have been installed in the environment. The rapid development of artificial intelligence is actively promoting the continuous improvement of the security monitoring system. In the traditional video security monitoring system, the role of the security monitoring device is to replace the manual fact monitoring, which seems to be convenient for the user, but in the actual situation, as the data continues to increase, it is necessary to find effective in a large amount of data. Information has become a burden on the operator, and such burdens are increasing in traditional security monitoring systems. The development of artificial intelligence can effectively change this situation and intelligently upgrade the security monitoring system from various aspects. Big Data Analysis: As mentioned above, as video recording devices record more and more data, it is particularly difficult to manually find effective information. Big data analysis technology can play an important role in the security monitoring system. Using different algorithms to calculate, the system can quickly retrieve the target information in a large number of videos, automatically compare and analyze the data, and help users find the effective faster. information. Feature recognition technology: Artificial intelligence security monitoring equipment should have powerful feature recognition technology, including but not limited to face recognition, human body recognition and so on. In the field of public security, feature recognition technology has been widely used in security monitoring systems. In a large amount of video information, smart devices use powerful computing and analysis capabilities to analyze the characteristics of suspects and give the best clues. For traditional security monitoring systems, simple monitoring and recording functions are far from enough. Combined with the current development of network technology, perhaps artificial intelligence security monitoring will be the future direction. With the maturity of the artificial intelligence industry, not only security monitoring, but more and more traditional industries will gradually benefit, let us wait and see.Into life, face recognition software application scene more and more technology era, whether it is hardware or software update speed is getting faster and faster, and now people gradually find that once fiery fingerprint recognition technology is no longer synonymous with recognition, The latest face recognition software is slowly appearing in people's field of vision. Updates often mean more advanced, face recognition software can do better than fingerprint recognition software, and there are more application scenarios. The daily payment face recognition software application has been used more and more in daily payment. Different from traditional fingerprint payment and password payment, the biggest technical feature of face recognition software is to avoid the leakage of personal information. When using, the user only needs to face the camera, the system automatically takes pictures and scans the face, and then stores the information in the database. In contrast, the non-contact identification method adopted in the whole process is more conducive to avoiding the leakage of personal information and thus jeopardizing the security of personal accounts. The access control system is different from the traditional access control password, brush access control card, fingerprint recognition and other identification methods, and the face recognition software can bring more convenience to the access control system. For example, the traditional identification method in the access control system of enterprises often encounters the situation that employees forget to carry the access card and the dirt on the fingers. The latest face recognition only needs to collect and contrast the face images, which is accurate and fast. At present, the face recognition application in the security monitoring face recognition software can assist the monitoring equipment but is applied to urban security management, security monitoring and other scenarios. In public places such as stations, shopping malls, and airports, there are face recognition software applications. Especially in the monitoring system, the face recognition technology greatly enhances the intelligence level of traditional video surveillance, and has great significance for anti-terrorism, pursuit of fugitives, security monitoring and so on.Turing Award winner Yao Zhizhi: AI's basic research has a major impact on future scientific development October 12 news, 2018 Huawei fully connected to the third day, the world's leading computer experts, the only Chinese Turing Award winner, Tsinghua University cross Dean of the Information Research Institute, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and foreign academician of the American Academy of Sciences, Professor Yao Jizhi, expounded the new direction of artificial intelligence theory. Yao Zhizhi said that artificial intelligence is a hot topic, not only for various commercial applications, but also for many people in various universities and institutions. Taking Tsinghua University as an example, he briefly introduced the application of AI medical field in the Institute of Cross Information, such as disease gene mutation analysis and drug reaction prediction. Of course, as a good teacher, he has not forgotten to bring students' entrepreneurial projects at important conferences, such as Xiaoma Zhixing and Face++. Yao Zhizhi proposed three theoretical directions for artificial intelligence to be more mature. He said that in the last 5-10 years, artificial intelligence was developed based on deep learning technology. The technology developed in the past will eventually reach a stage of saturation. In the machine learning phase, it is closer to maturity. The previous algorithms are mathematically proven to achieve a certain effect. But deep learning is a completely different nature. It is scientifically impossible to make a reasonable explanation about why it can do so well. He said that scientists are now exploring whether deep learning can be seen from the perspective of information theory and statistical physics. Yao Zhizhi said that artificial intelligence is like a black box, and scientists can't explain what is happening in the current artificial intelligence algorithm. Therefore, improving artificial intelligence technology and understanding where its operating principle is, this is the new direction of artificial intelligence technology. This is the second new direction of artificial intelligence theory, that is, whether artificial intelligence and neuroscience can learn from each other. Quantum computers are now on the verge of being a revolutionary technology. Google, Microsoft, etc. have already begun research and exploration in this area. Whether quantum artificial intelligence can become the ultimate learning machine, in Yao Xianzhi's view, is also a direction that artificial intelligence is worth studying. He said that the Institute of Interdisciplinary Information of Tsinghua University established the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Research Center eight years ago. The research center has two main tasks, one is a quantum router for parallel access to big data, and the other is a deep neural network for quantum simulation. At the end of the speech, Yao said that the limits of intelligence and computing involve artificial intelligence, brain science, and quantum computing. He believes that artificial intelligence and machine learning can be regarded as a natural science, and its basic research has a major impact on future scientific development and human well-being.2018 AMB | AI will be defying technology with end-to-end intelligent security debut across the line October 23-26, 2018 China International Social Security Products Expo Security China (referred to as "AMB") will kick off in Beijing. This year's Expo is approved by the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Commerce. It is hosted by the China Security Association. With the theme of ¡°Building a Safe China, Serving the Belt and Road, and Innovating Intelligent Security¡±, it aims to present the ecological status of China's security industry in an all-round and multi-angle, and showcase security. Innovation and comprehensive application of technology and products in the construction of safe China and smart cities. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions in China, Defiance Technology will bring a variety of innovative technologies and products to this security industry event. Company Name: Beijing Vision Technology Co., Ltd. Exhibition time: October 23-26, 2018 (9:00-16:30, 26:00-13:00) Exhibition location: Beijing? China International Exhibition Center ( New Hall) No. 88, Yuxiang Road, Tianzhu District, Shunyi District, Beijing Location: E1 Artificial Intelligence International Hall E1X01 Currently, artificial intelligence is constantly pouring into the security industry. The integration of AI technology and security scenes such as face recognition and video structuring is This traditional industry has gained new value and brought deeper practical benefits to the practice of public security. As one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies to enter the security field, Defiance Technology has the world's top deep learning algorithm research and development and product building capabilities and deep industry experience. In the long-term practice, it aims to address the painful needs in the public security scene. A series of intelligent security technologies and products have been developed. At the 2018 AMB meeting, all the defensive security products will be unveiled. The intelligent security solutions and the full line of products are the full-scale display of the cutting-edge innovation strength of Vision Technology. At this year's Expo, the contempt of the exhibition area will be divided into ¡°AI in cloud¡±, ¡°AI in end¡± and ¡°AI in core¡±. The large theme section shows the intelligent security eco-industrial chain that Vision Technology uses AI to empower the cloud, terminal and chip, and the end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions based on ecology. Cloud Intelligence: Deliberate to use the big data combined with deep learning algorithm to develop the urban sky 2.0 system and the hole detection 5.0 system with integrated data visualization and industry-leading trajectory tracking functions, and will demonstrate through the on-site urban security scene application. Simulate real-time trajectory restoration, search for people, one person and one file, and other actual combat scenes. Terminal equipment, which is regarded as meeting the actual needs of various complex scenes, has created a variety of intelligent hardware products, such as the industry's first sensitive series of fully structured cameras that can realize human-car identification, and a chassis-separated upgraded version of the police. The processing and control equipment fast capture series portable 2.0, the original front-end computing unit Rubik's cube series B3R, and the latest face recognition algorithm developed by the sharp series of smart glasses, etc., unveiled. The smart chip is regarded as meeting the different needs of the actual combat scene. The optimization algorithm adapts to the application requirements of the high-middle and low-end chips, and introduces a new scene + chip ecological solution. At the same time, in the exhibition area, the contempt will be embedded in a new algorithm and The chip's fully structured camera is displayed in real time, and the industry-leading algorithmic power is fully demonstrated through a 300-person full-time capture and a real-time demonstration of a 16-channel video analysis box. At the moment when traditional security embraces artificial intelligence, it is defying the use of software and hardware to create a full value chain covering "algorithms, technologies, hardware products, solutions, data", and more contempt for intelligent security. The thinking of the times will be discussed with you at the E1X01 exhibition area of ??the E1 Artificial Intelligence International Pavilion of the Expo from October 23rd to 26th. We sincerely invite you to come!Defiance of technology with the Prime Minister's visit to the Netherlands to promote Sino-Dutch cooperation on the "big steps" with AI innovation On October 16, during the visit of Premier Li Keqiang to the Netherlands, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs jointly held the "2018 Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum" in The Hague. ". Premier Li Keqiang and Dutch Prime Minister Lutte attended the opening ceremony of the forum and delivered a keynote speech. Minister of Commerce Zhong Shan and Dutch Foreign Trade Minister Kage delivered speeches respectively. In this forum, more than 400 representatives from both governments and enterprises participated in the conference. Among them, Defiance Technology was also invited as a representative of China's artificial intelligence enterprises, and in-depth exchanges on Sino-Dutch technology innovation and economic and trade development. ¡ø Premier Li Keqiang attended the "2018 China-Netherlands Economic and Trade Forum" and delivered a keynote speech. The Chinese government has entered a new "big step". The forum was officially opened by a beautiful "accident". When Premier Li Keqiang was on the stage to deliver a speech, the foreign host who had not waited for the forum had not responded yet. Premier Li Keqiang had already got up from his seat and did not take the established route. Instead, he stepped on the platform and started himself. An impromptu speech. In this unusual scene, Premier Li Keqiang said: "I just like the Prime Minister of Ruth, and did not take the 'small steps' set by your sponsors. We both stepped on a 'big step'. This shows The current new relationship between China and the Netherlands, especially the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries, has really taken a new 'big step'." Li Keqiang, the wonderful metaphor of the scene, triggered more than 400 Chinese and Dutch entrepreneurs. A piece of applause and laughter. Later, Premier Li Keqiang said in his speech that he hopes that today's Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum, including the cooperation projects signed and negotiated between the two countries' enterprises, will achieve greater success and allow China-Dutch pragmatic cooperation to reach a higher level. AI+One Belt and One Road Promoting Sino-European Science and Technology Innovation In recent years, with the deepening of the ¡°Belt and Road¡± construction, more and more countries have launched multi-level and multi-field investment and cooperation with China. With the theme of ¡°High-tech Innovation and Sustainable Interconnection¡±, the 2018 China-Dutch Economic and Trade Forum focused on how to promote innovation and scientific and technological cooperation between China and the Netherlands and Central Europe in the construction of the ¡°Belt and Road¡±. As the leading artificial intelligence enterprise in China, the company's leading artificial intelligence enterprise, Fu Yingbo, the president of Vision Technology, made suggestions for Sino-Dutch cooperation with the core of artificial intelligence innovation and industrial development. ¡ø Devotion Technology President Fu Yingbo (second from right) attended the forum and discussed with Chinese and Dutch business representatives that Sino-Dutch economic development is one of the most cutting-edge research fields in the field of international science and technology. The technological innovation and industrial application of artificial intelligence will be Further promote global economic growth and bring profound changes to human society. Fu Yingbo introduced at the forum, Dedicated Technology was established in Beijing Zhongguancun in 2011. Since its development, the company has gathered more than 2,000 outstanding talents to jointly participate in artificial intelligence technology innovation and business practice. It is the world's top ten breakthrough technology - people The leader in face recognition payment technology is also one of the 50 smartest companies in the world. In the past three years, contempt has maintained seven times the annual revenue growth, helping China achieve transformation and upgrading in smart cities, smart finance, smart retail, smart warehousing and other fields. He pointed out that as a leading unicorn company in China, in July 2017, as a representative of technology companies, he made a report on innovation and new dynamism to Premier Li Keqiang, and the ignorant independent original technology won high recognition from the Prime Minister. Fu Yingbo also said that he has always responded positively to the construction of the ¡°Belt and Road¡±. He has not only set up an artificial intelligence research institute overseas, but also developed top-notch technology together with outstanding talents from various countries. Moreover, through technology and product empowerment, including Europe. Countries around the world apply to advanced AI technologies developed by Vision. Taking this opportunity, we contend that we hope to strengthen exchanges and cooperation with the Netherlands, build artificial intelligence R&D centers with partners from the Netherlands and European countries, and develop technology application markets in various industrial fields to help promote the development of artificial intelligence innovation in Europe. At present, in the context of global integration, both technological innovation and enterprise development must focus on the world, in order to obtain a steady flow of momentum. As an emerging technology industry, artificial intelligence is also considered to be an important basic resource in the future, like hydropower and coal. It will become a technology that is developed by countries all over the world. The development of artificial intelligence requires countries to join hands. In June 2018, contempt was also invited to attend the Sino-French Entrepreneur Symposium co-chaired by Premier Li Keqiang and French Prime Minister Philip, to explore cooperation with French entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence. . The participation of the Prime Minister in the Sino-Dutch Economic and Trade Development Forum once again revealed the determination and confidence to despise science and technology. In the future, contempt will continue to actively grasp the opportunity to despise AI to the world and let Chinese AI benefit all mankind.Smart machines put on the market or will give birth to more jobs Now, people may come into contact with intelligent robots in their lives or in certain work situations. The emergence of intelligent robots can indeed change our current lifestyle and pattern, and even affect our perception of artificial intelligence. While it is widely believed that intelligent robots can increase production efficiency, some users are worried about whether intelligent robots can change or affect our employment rate. Some people think that intelligent robots will replace too many traditional human resources positions, resulting in insufficient number of original jobs and employment impact? This answer is no, because the birth of intelligent robots through various data will not only affect the future employment rate, but will create more new jobs. How is this understood? It can be guessed that intelligent robots are placed in various application fields, and their work items are executed according to the instructions. The work efficiency is improved, and the cumbersome work procedures are also simplified, which is for the operation of the enterprise and the execution of the project. , are all good things. And because more employees can be liberated from traditional positions, and replaced by intelligent robots, this part of the group can have more time to evaluate the efficiency of the results and feedback more accurate data. It also means that they will have more time to put in the project items that are maintained and tracked by the customer. Once they have more time to serve the customer and evaluate the results, the implementation rate of the project will be higher, and the chances of subsequent errors may be lower. In view of this, the emergence of intelligent robots can actually be a complementary and alternative role, he can replace humans to complete some regular, cumbersome, time-consuming processes, and humans can use these robots to complete complex projects. When they get out of the way, they can put more energy into the review and evaluation analysis. In the process, the demands of the core personnel of the management and the analysts will continue to increase, and new jobs will emerge. It is worth mentioning that this part of the computer-related job remuneration is generally not low, and most of them belong to some technical work. This also means that human beings can be released from the traditionally cumbersome low-income positions, and then they can touch high-paying positions in higher fields through learning. All these intelligent robots play a certain role in promoting, without these robots, humans. You need to be distracted. The birth of intelligent robots can not only help humans to share their worries, but also provide more potential for development.Defying the strategic cooperation with the Tianjin Municipal Bureau of Maps, Detecting and Defending the CCP to promote the deep integration of AI+ policing. Recently, China¡¯s artificial intelligence leading enterprises defiance technology and the Tianjin Municipal Public Security Bureau¡¯s Graphic Detective Defense Corps officially signed a strategic cooperation agreement. Strengthen the Tianjin science and technology police and police informationization work, deepen the Tianjin public security map detection big data strategy, and strive to improve the city's video image combat application level. The representative of Wei Li, the deputy chief of the team of the Tianjin Municipal Public Security Bureau, the deputy head of Hao Sanjun, and the deputy chief of the second detachment, Chen Xuesong, the vice president of the squadron and the general manager of the public security department, attended and completed the signing. At present, the rapid development and landing of artificial intelligence is profoundly transforming public security. Intelligent technologies such as face recognition and video structuring play an increasingly important role in the police work of public security organs. The State Council also issued a document stressing the need to ¡°promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in the field of public safety, promote the construction of a public safety intelligent monitoring and early warning and control system. Strengthen the intelligent transformation and upgrading of security equipment in key public areas, and support qualified communities or The city carries out demonstrations of public security areas based on artificial intelligence.¡± In response to the State Council¡¯s call to upgrade the fine-grained management and control system for urban security, Tianjin Municipal Bureau has continuously explored new smart police services integrating high-tech technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data. The model is to improve the information network, open up data barriers, and improve the overall combat capability to protect the security of Tianjin. As one of the leading end-to-end intelligent security solutions providers in China, Vision Technology is one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the security field. It is good at deep learning algorithm research and product development, and has a deep understanding of the security industry. And a wealth of practical experience. In order to further develop the comprehensive strength of Vision Technology in the field of image analysis for face recognition, video structural analysis, vehicle identification, etc., accelerate and strengthen the politicization and intelligent transformation of Tianjin Municipal Bureau, at the meeting, despise technology and Tianjin The Municipal Bureau of Graphic Investigation conducted in-depth discussions on deepening the cooperation between police and enterprises, science and technology, and information construction. In the next step, Defiance Technology and Tianjin Municipal Bureau of Graphic and Detective Defense will carry out strategic cooperation in the field of public safety management and video in-depth application in Tianjin based on the principle of ¡°demand traction, technology promotion, complementary advantages, cooperation and long-term development¡±. Focusing on application directions such as "video analysis, face recognition, video structuring, and vehicle secondary recognition", we will promote the deep integration of artificial intelligence technology and public security, and jointly build and improve the requirements of the times, reflect the characteristics of Tianjin, and meet the needs of actual combat. The video image application system will enhance the support level of video images in combating crime and serving people's livelihood, and make unremitting efforts for Ping An Tianjin to artificial intelligence or change the employment pattern? Human-machine collaboration development is entirely possible! In which era the employment trend will show the unique nature of that era. In the 21st century, the employment trend is very important for people's survival and development, but artificial intelligence is constantly changing the employment trend. There is even a saying that artificial intelligence may replace the human resource model. Simply put, the machine may replace People's jobs, which in turn affect people's employment. So is the truth really like this? Not necessarily, when interviewing relevant industry experts, they all said that the probability of man-machine opposition in the job market is very low in the future. Although the emergence of artificial intelligence can indeed replace a certain part of the position, it is only limited to regular labor and Intellectual positions, and for some irregular labor and intellectual positions, the machine still does not play a substitute role. However, this is not the focus. The focus is on the emergence of artificial intelligence, which will not only affect the future employment trend. The situation of human-machine opposition will not appear. On the contrary, artificial intelligence will also change the employment trend and the basis for deepening the employment structure. The above gives the possibility of more development in the future employment pattern, and in this process, more job requirements will be born. what is this? The reason is simple. Because artificial intelligence creates intelligent life and work scenes, it replaces only regular labor positions, and it can't replace the work from the human experience. That is to say, some kinds of work involving irregular thinking, exploration, innovation, etc., will not be replaced by machines. With the deepening of artificial intelligence, some new demand positions and types of work are also being born. If artificial intelligence replaces two million jobs, then the future will replace it with more than double the demand for new jobs. Born. This is because there will be more and more demand for jobs and new types of work related to artificial intelligence. Many people define the future as the era of artificial intelligence, which means that some new jobs, new jobs, and new operating models will emerge in the future. This number will be more than artificial intelligence. There are more figures to replace human labor. So even though artificial intelligence has covered every area and will become mainstream in the future, it still has not been able to dominate the core of human labor. We can regard artificial intelligence as a new way of life rather than a technology. Artificial intelligence can change the future development pattern, and even become a growth point for promoting employment. Maybe not, human-machines can fully promote each other and develop together.The wave of artificial intelligence developers is booming. The wave of investment and entrepreneurship is booming In recent years, the topic of artificial intelligence has been in constant stream, and the number of developers based on this project is also increasing. In 2018, it was a year of booming artificial intelligence developers. Whether it was investment or entrepreneurship, there was no wave of the north and south of the country. Entrepreneurs and investors yearned for artificial intelligence technology and reached an unprecedented state. Since the concept of artificial intelligence has been proposed since the mid-1950s, after more than 60 years of ups and downs, it has finally matured under the new wave of mathematical and physicalization. At present, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China is huge, and it has almost covered all walks of life. Thanks to data explosion, computing power and technological innovation, in the era of entering the Internet in this century, artificial intelligence developers have emerged, opening up the era of artificial intelligence led by computer technology. Artificial intelligence companies currently distributed in various fields in China, they are born in this century, both investors and developers, they have great confidence in the future development of China's artificial intelligence market, and believe that this will be A rare opportunity to see in a hundred years. With the increase in the number of smart technology companies and the increasing application scenarios of smart technologies, and attracted by many users, more and more entrepreneurs have taken a fancy to artificial intelligence. Developers who focus on computer technology applications have become the mainstay of the development of the entire industry. These technicians have set up a team, started a company, and continuously deepened, creating a lot of gratifying achievements in the field of intelligence. Interestingly, most of China's artificial intelligence companies are starting from scratch, from small teams of several people to hundreds of technology companies, the ability of developers is self-evident. In addition to relying on strong technical strength, forward thinking and future thinking from developers on the artificial intelligence industry have helped them make the right choices and become the dominant player in artificial intelligence in China. Nowadays, the number of high-tech developers who are investing in artificial intelligence is still increasing. They have rich experience and excellent innovative thinking. They are the top talents who control computer intelligence technology. In the new year, artificial intelligence entrepreneurship has ushered in a new round of enthusiasm, deep into the developers of different industries, leading their teams, and constantly creating more services and products in the field of artificial intelligence. In the fields of finance, security, retail, mobile terminals, robots, etc., they have created a series of industrial solutions that combine technology, experience and personalization according to the needs of users, helping enterprises to achieve leap and constantly innovating the industry ecology. . With the enthusiasm for artificial intelligence technology, they will continue to peak the peak and make unremitting efforts to realize the big explosion of artificial intelligence!Capital Incoming AI Face Recognition Technology Becomes a Hot Investment Computer vision is one of the most mature technologies of artificial intelligence, and its application has already taken the lead in the financial, retail, Internet and other industries. Among them, face recognition is the fastest and most widely used technology in computer vision. The technologies such as identity authentication, enterprise attendance and personnel early warning based on face recognition are constantly blooming. Therefore, when artificial intelligence enters the financing hot, the face recognition technology with huge business opportunities naturally attracts a large number of investors to become the capital darling. Face recognition technology can cover many categories. This technology can be embodied in many different application fields through deep excavation of computer vision, and it can be applied to users, enterprises and even national level. In many work and life scenarios, a considerable part of the development of smart devices is developed based on face recognition technology, such as face recognition gates, enterprise attendance systems and so on. Now in some large-scale smart parks, if workers need to enter the park to work, they first need to pass the face recognition gates. These identification gates can rely on the control of the cloud system to effectively identify the identity information of the passing personnel and verify. The true identity of the user and decide whether to give them a release. In the process of business punching, the face recognition gates also replace the traditional punching system, identify the employee's identity quickly and identify the attendance registration. For strangers and visitors, this face recognition technology can also be used to identify and identify some unknown users to ensure the safety of the entire park and enterprises. Face recognition technology can also play a role in some of the more important meetings involving confidentiality. For some people who are not related to the conference, it can also be identified through this technology. The creation of the smart sign-in system is one of them. It can count the guests or conference personnel present and authenticate them to prevent some strangers from expanding. Personnel with illegal intentions enter, further maintaining the security of the entire meeting and venue. Nowadays, face recognition technology can present fast, accurate and stable features, and can be accessed to different enterprises through more flexible solutions, and customized adjustment according to the individual needs of enterprises, in order to better match The development of the enterprise provides enterprises with more powerful intelligent security and monitoring systems. In addition to the gates, there are many types of security devices derived from face recognition technology, including deep camera, smart camera, video analysis and other more complex applications are also one of the directions of face recognition technology. These projects have also become the most popular investment projects, leading the decision-making of investors.Defiance Technology and IDC Release Mobile Phone Industry White Paper Artificial Intelligence Leads Revolution in ¡°Vision¡± On October 19th, IDC China Digital Transformation Annual Ceremony was held in Beijing. The theme of ¡°Collaboration, Innovation and Acceleration¡± focused on the latest hotspots in the industry. Discuss the road of digital transformation in China with the industry's big coffee. At the meeting, IDC and Vision Technology released the industry's first "AI + mobile phone" industry white paper - "IDC mobile phone industry white paper: "vision" revolution." Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, attended the sub-forum of artificial intelligence and digital platform and shared the experience of Vision Technology in the AI-enabled mobile phone industry. After ten years of gold development, the smartphone industry ushered in an important turning point in development in 2017. The white paper mainly elaborates on the four aspects of "AI changes people's work and life", "AI leads mobile phone revolution", "AI helps mobile phone manufacturers differentiated growth case", "computer vision technology development prospects" four aspects of AI-driven, computer Visual technology is the core digital mobile phone industry transformation, pointing out the importance of platform-based ecological competition and technological innovation, and provides a reference direction for future smart phone AI vision solutions. What is AI, what is AI mobile phone today's artificial intelligence is not only a hot topic in the technology industry, ordinary consumers can see artificial intelligence products everywhere, such as sweeping robots, AI mobile phones, children's story machines, etc.; there are many traditional small and medium-sized enterprises The boss is asking: What is artificial intelligence, how will artificial intelligence change my business? In fact, the broad sense of artificial intelligence refers to machine intelligence, the essence of which is the wisdom that humans want to give to robots, so that machines can think like humans. We can compare AI to the human brain. It is a complicated system that can receive information, analyze data, and give corresponding decision suggestions according to different scenarios. The artificial intelligence's improvement of labor productivity and the enhancement effect on labor ability are mainly realized through two aspects: one is to make workers use time more effectively by replacing a large number of routine and repeated procedural work that can be automatically executed. Use time for more creative work. The second is to assist workers through artificial intelligence technology, so that workers can break through the limits of the human body and capabilities, and thus create greater value. After 60 years of ups and downs, artificial intelligence finally benefited from data explosion, computing power and technological innovation in a new wave of digitalization, and entered the mature stage, infiltrating into every corner of social life. The curtain of AI has been opened, and the human world is in the era of great change after the steam era, the electrical age, and the information age. China is in the process of digital transformation. AI is accelerating the digital transformation of the industry, and it has brought huge changes to life. Products such as smartphones, AR/VR devices, drones and smart homes have entered the consumer-scale large-scale application from the exploration of niche scenarios. But what can AI bring to the mobile phone industry? What is an AI phone? IDC pointed out in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper released by the joint contempt that mobile phones are the most important devices for carrying human digital life and work. Today's smartphones have changed from simple communication tools to the entrance of people's lives and work. In the future, mobile phones will not only become an extension of our body, but also help people to simplify their lives, share their work, and become human "personal assistants." Therefore, AI is becoming more and more indispensable for mobile phones. Since 2017, mainstream mobile phone manufacturers have introduced AI technology in their flagship models, and even mobile phones equipped with AI chips are becoming the mainstream of the market. For AI Phone, in fact, in July 2017, China Information and Communication Research Institute jointly released the ¡°AI Mobile Intelligent Terminal Blue Book¡± in AI+ mobile phone industry, and gave its definition: more direct service, ie faster More natural interaction, that is, warmer; smarter assistants, who know you better. But can a mobile phone with a face unlocked be an AI phone? Obviously not. IDC pointed out in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper that the value of AI for smartphones is to be able to predict user needs in advance and proactively give corresponding guidance or response. From Smart to Intelligent, AI unlocking is only the first step forward for the industry. . According to data from the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper released by IDC, the current ¡°AI+ mobile phone¡± is still at a relatively early stage. Many functional applications have limitations, but only in certain specific scenarios. Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, also said in the interview: "We are still far from the complete artificial smartphone. The real artificial smartphone should be meticulous to users, and it is perfect for comprehensive experience, consumption, process and performance control. Products, and what we are doing now is just AI Camera. Vision technology is the most direct and effective way to improve the user experience for the mobile phone industry.¡± Computer Vision sets off the mobile phone intelligence revolution in the 2017 IDC Consumerscape 360¡ã survey Among them, 51% of users will take photos as one of the seven choice factors for purchasing mobile phones. The ultimate pursuit of mobile phone image processing is becoming an important indicator affecting users' purchasing behavior. And computer vision technology coincides with the actual maturity and market demand, making visual AI a ¡°moat¡± for industry competition. According to the survey data in the white paper, the face unlocking and portrait beauty functions developed based on computer vision technology have a penetration rate of 75% and 90% respectively in mobile phone applications. It can be seen that in the mobile phone AI application, the visual application is The main appeal, computer vision technology is gradually growing into an important boost to achieve "AI mobile phone." The increasingly strong AI visual demand also puts higher requirements on the industry chain, and wants to bring the unexpected visual experience to the end users. The coordinated development of the industry chain and the innovation of visual technology are imperative, applications and algorithms. , solutions, hardware, interlocking, indispensable. In 2017, Defiance began to expand the core AI technology application to the mobile phone industry. Core-based deep learning and computer vision technology launched a series of mobile AI products such as face payment, face recognition unlocking, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, video beautification, 3D Animoji, etc. to meet different mobile phone manufacturers in the face The demand for unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing has reached deep cooperation with domestic headphone companies such as Huawei, Xiaomi, vivo and OPPO in less than one year. Xie Yinan, vice president of Vision Technology, ¡°Digitalization is the sum of industry, data and intelligence. Therefore, data, intelligence and industry are inseparable. Compared with the entertainment scene, we pay more attention to artificial intelligence technology in the industry. The essence of the problem, for the mobile phone industry, security is the most essential issue. In the digital age, mobile phones will become the most basic source of verification in the society. The unlocking and online authentication we are currently doing is essentially solving this problem." Xie Yinan said, "Of course, the revolutionary significance of AI+ mobile phones to the industry is that we can reduce the difficulty of equipment operation through technology, and everyone can use the mobile phone to take master photos, so that the intelligence of the machine can shorten people. In the mobile phone industry, contempt for the hope of being an enabler, integrating the entire industry ecosystem of chips, sensors, cloud services, algorithms and data." The integration of AI vision industry ecology is taking place. Chip manufacturers represented by Qualcomm, MediaTek (MTK), Ziguang Zhanrui, etc., as well as Orbbec, AMS, Sunny, and Wonderful Photonics ( Optical devices and module manufacturers represented by Himax) and Bellus-3D are in-depth cooperation with upper-level algorithms and application companies through strategic cooperation and capital stocks. In the future, the ecological structure of AI vision products will be more aggregated, and competition from a single product will shift to platform ecological competition. For example, mature 3D sensing technology needs to include optical system design, visual measurement algorithm design, chip design, embedded development, driver development, SDK development, 3D reconstruction computer vision, machine learning algorithm research, and cloud application algorithm development. In the technical aspect, this requires close cooperation with multiple vendors such as applications, algorithms, solutions, and hardware to achieve the ultimate user experience. On August 8th, 2018, Despising hosted an industry seminar on the theme of mobile 3D vision. At the meeting, Desperate Technology released the first "soft and hard" mobile 3D-aware full-stack solution. Algorithm innovation, application development, device manufacturing to solutions explain the contempt for innovation in mobile 3D applications. Defiance has become the benchmark for the AI+ mobile phone industry. The computer vision technology is one of the most mature technologies in the AI ??field. There are many typical applications in the image and video processing of mobile phones, and related algorithms are mature, face recognition, objects and scenes. Recognition, AI photographing, image edge extraction, and text recognition have become the core technical support for mobile terminals in functions such as secure unlocking, fast payment, smart beauty, video beautification, and reading and retrieval. As one of the earliest artificial intelligence companies in the industry to enter the AI ??mobile intelligent terminal industry, Vision Technology is also the industry's leading provider of mobile phone AI solutions. It is good at deep learning algorithms and product development, and has differentiated growth in AI to help mobile phone manufacturers. In the process, contempt has its own thinking and practice. Defiance Technology shared its application innovations in unlocking, payment, portrait processing and other scenarios in the AI+ mobile phone industry white paper, including the first mass-produced Android model OPPO Find X equipped with 3D structured light, through massive data training and The core algorithm independently developed is regarded as the 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light effect provided by OPPO Find X, which brings a subversive human-computer interaction experience to the user. In cooperation with vivo, the technology is despised. Provides an infrared dual-pass zero-light face unlocking solution for the vivo X23 that retains only the front-facing camera for integrated unlocking experience, security and hardware costs. The Lenovo S5 Pro, which was just released on October 18, also incorporates defensive AI capabilities for unlocking, 3D beauty and portrait lighting. IDC pointed out in the white paper that computer vision technology packaging will become a key link in the mobile phone industry chain. It can be seen that the application of computer vision technology in the mobile phone field is becoming mature, but there are still too many application scenarios for technology itself. The current market attention, penetration rate and technology adoption scenarios are relatively high, such as face recognition, object recognition, object detection, etc., which still stay in the more basic object detection stage, in more specific event detection, more flexible people The application of machine interaction and more complex information reorganization and autonomous behavior is obviously insufficient. Therefore, both the computer vision technology itself and the market prospects of the AI+ mobile phone industry have a very large imagination. With the advent of the artificial intelligence dividend and the Internet of Everything, AI faces a new development opportunity, and the integration with the Internet of Things will be closer. As a window for individuals to embrace the IoT era, mobile phones will be innovated by new technologies in the process of social digitalization. Defiance Technology will continue to explore the field of mobile intelligence in the process of cultivating the industry with AI vision technology, and work with more ecological partners to lead the transformation of mobile phone ¡°vision¡±.Defiance Technology Chen Xuesong: Urban Brain Construction Program, 4321 Classic Architecture Defiance is a provider of IoT solutions with artificial intelligence as its core. Urban governance is currently a comprehensive and focused issue. Now it has changed from a single line management to a comprehensive management. With the development of the city, grid application, regional small closed loop, and small cell management have become the comprehensive problems of urban management. Through the joint governance approach, the previous sample sample data has been used to provide services for urban governance, and it has gradually been developed to authoritative development. This is the biggest challenge facing urban governance. Urban governance has changed a lot in the current social environment. The whole society is now a perceptive society. Whether it is online or offline data, it has accumulated more than before. In the past, obtaining data through manual collection has been far from being able to support the rapid operation of society. Therefore, it is a key tool in social governance. The data cells collected by each data unit constitute the entire data cube, which is the key basis for the overall urban governance and smart city decision-making. At the same time, all the data is not just a vertical upward link, but a closed loop of microcirculation, which means that in addition to government integration data, the data collected by each unit is also used for self-operation, self-management and self. Autonomy is also a key challenge in the current society. That is to say, data is everywhere, and there are micro-loops and large loops. What is the ¡°urban brain¡± in the eyes of contempt? The ¡°brain¡± is the decision-making body of the city. The emergence of the urban brain lies in the accumulation of massive data, which exceeds the processing power and processing time of human beings, whether it is the rapid emergency dispatch of intelligent traffic or the popular analysis of authoritative data collection. The response speed and processing frequency of people have been exceeded. The "urban brain" can look at several latitudes: the first is the core, called the "eye of the city." Only by seeing and seeing can you know how to do it, so the construction of the eye of the city has become the core foundation. The second is the problem of combining divisions and divisions, that is, "industry divided brains." The traffic of the tube operation, the urban management of the tube management, the health care of the tube, and the community of the tube of happiness are all vertical latitudes. As long as this industry exists, the brain will certainly exist. With the development of technology, there are two infrastructures, one is the Big Data Supercomputing Center and the other is the IoT computing platform. The concept just mentioned - "The Eye of the City", perhaps everyone's understanding of it is not so clear and intuitive, let us look at what data in life is running all the time? For example, social surveillance cameras of enterprises, institutions and communities, as well as daily traffic, hotels, airports, railway stations, etc., have realized the data collection and behavior analysis in daily life, including various types of personnel terminal, Internet cafes, Basic statistics based on behaviors such as hotels. These are the collections of urban data that happen all the time, and we call it the eye of the city. After the smart city has data collection, what is the idea? We believe that there are four links: one is to conscientiously, that is, to perceive the existing data to know where and where it exists; the second is to penetrate, to judge and analyze all the rules and operating mechanisms of the collected data. The third is to judge and establish a model. At the same time, the emerging smart city is not a single number, nor is it input-based feedback. What is important is prediction, early warning and prevention, management of future development trends, and early scheduling, which depends on the model. Decision making ability. The fourth is reflection, acting on the city. There are two links in reflection, one is urban-level decision-making, and the other is micro-cell cycle. The overall structure has a relatively classic system framework diagram, called 4:32: four is the urban division, in line with the information architecture architecture; third is the business level, including city, industry and enterprise; second, two types of processing , including data processing and platform organization; one is a computing and operational competence center. (Starting with "First, Computation and Operational Competence Center") The core of a city's brain is the operation center. With the development of data and scale expansion, computing power is a huge challenge. The computing power of some current business systems is not enough because it deals with structural information. Every two hard drives in the world are used for video storage, a government, a city resource, and 5% of big data is structured data, generated by personal collection and statistical means. There are still 95% of all kinds of video information. The previous videos are for people to watch. The storage mode is nothing more than two types. The government public security requires three months of storage, and the requirements of enterprises, institutions and communities for one month, and then non-stop. New brush. There were a lot of business projects that used data precipitation and management, 95% was used to precipitate these data that could not be recognized by the machine, but the emergence of artificial intelligence, so that these data can be applied, brought new challenges, need to have Stronger computing power and infrastructure. Another dimension just mentioned, two platforms, two buses. One is the data bus and the other is the service bus. Data bus, 5% of the data is the base point information, which is the basis and origin of many data. The identity information and the basic description information of the person are generated by it. There are other 95% from video that can be structured, analyzed by data, and produced with greater social value through intelligent processing and collisions, including faces, videos, tracks, vehicles, daily actions, behavior patterns, etc. . This information is generated by the system, 5% of the original base point information, plus 95% of the information generated through intelligent analysis, constitutes the current data foundation. A simple point, people, cars, plus vehicle frequency, trajectory analysis, as well as features, structural restoration, can form data units, expand business applications of various dimensions. The units in each place constitute social statistics. A small data unit based on the entire urban environment constitutes the data cube of the entire city. This is the first bus, called the data bus. It builds the foundation of the entire big data platform, covering video structuring, covering social network data, mobile terminal, track all dimensions of data, through the superposition of spatio-temporal information, generating various types of business value, for all types of upper-level Business provides support. The other bus is the service bus. With data, how business applications are connected and how they are connected, and how horizontal cross-cutting and interaction between services. The service itself has two dimensions of work, one is to use data, and the other is to process data through the service. Therefore, the service bus builds the application foundation of another business, that is, the upper layer of business support opens up the following data collection, and generates new business value through its own use, processing and collision of data. On the one hand, it restores to the data bus to generate new service interchanges, which generates explosive growth, and at the same time provides good support for upper-layer business applications. Various business applications can further deepen and tap their own business value. Later, we will focus on three types of applications, how to form a running business experience of a city brain. Including three levels: city level, industry level and enterprise level. Urban-level applications are the focus of social governance. Traditional urban governance requires a lot of manpower in the chaos and chaos on the roads. The current urban management model is based on two types, one is a telephone call, that is, a message is heard to produce data. The other type is patrolling inspections, all of which are after the event, or after things have reached a certain level. I believe that everyone has their own experience. For example, when driving on the road, I found a tire on the road. The first reflection is to avoid it after the discovery, and there is no accident. At this time, you don¡¯t have time to stop and then take this thing. The report goes up, in fact, the risk of stopping is very big. Therefore, it is easy to produce a long tail effect, which will be responded to and dealt with for a long time. Based on the video-based monitoring system, through the video analysis technology, 19 types of development prediction and supervision have been realized, including abnormal conditions on the road, illegal violations based on environmental analysis, and open fires in urban supervision. Hundreds of thousands or even millions of surveillance cameras in a city can now be digitized and intelligentized by AI. Collecting this information can eliminate hidden dangers in the bud. Urban-level applications also include traffic management. The previous traffic management is more reflected by the bayonet technology. If there are 2,000 city bayonet ports in a city, there are 200,000 monitoring systems. The current technology can be realized on the side of the road. That is, the surveillance camera on the sidewalk, in the range of 40 to 60 degrees, to achieve the card. Vehicles, non-motor vehicles and pedestrians have expanded in several dimensions. At the same time, because of the management of the parking spaces on the side of the city roads, the dynamic traffic and static traffic were opened. In addition, the ubiquitous network has also helped to achieve traffic prediction and management of urban capillaries. Traffic predictions in many cities now rely on sensors on taxis to reflect traffic conditions. When we are navigating, we often find out why there is a certain lag in traffic congestion. There is no blockage or redness over there, or congestion is still not reflected. However, through this real-time collection, the opening of the capillaries can not only know the cell from which the car is driven out, but also realize the real intelligent dispatching, thus effectively solving the traffic problem. Another application is Internet + government services, which are now fully realized in Xinjiang, Wuhu and Qingdao. The Chinese government has done a lot of intelligent upgrades in government services, and the key point is the online identity verification. In the past, a business often had to run in many places and proved "you are you" in various ways. Now with front-end intelligence, you can complete a series of valid certifications through your mobile phone, so that government affairs are opened. Because China is a file-based country, although the electronic file has not yet been implemented, the government will send all the things that require your signature to the street nearest you, and go to the street to sign the word once to complete the formalities, so it is a one-time service. This is also the intelligentization of urban services that has brought us the Internet and government affairs. For industry-level applications, it is the special business of each commission office, taking public security as an example, such as integrated synthetic operations, based on various analysis, such as abnormal running, gathering, discovery of major disasters, etc. Deepening perception and processing, which is a vertical industry application. It includes the control of key populations and the security of major activities, forming a three-tier distribution area, effectively managing the application management capabilities of blacklists, whitelists, and greylisters. There are also industry-level applications that are communities. The community is not an enterprise-level type. It is essentially a grid-based management within the scope of urban governance, including community security and community management, such as access to the entire community. Business analysis of people, car diversion, and vehicle management. This is a cluster of cells based on a specific place. Through the analysis of human behavior, the information of abnormal personnel, key personnel and so on is effectively stripped. For example, the elderly, if they live alone for three days do not go downstairs, or do not go downstairs for two days, they will call the police. For people other than normal residents who appear at high frequencies in the community, there may be pyramid schemes, thieves, and the like that can be stripped out by the frequency of behavior. There is also a pass-through verification based on face and vehicle verification, which finally forms a big data platform, providing the most subtle data for the entire community governance and urban management, forming a larger data cube. Of course, it also includes community health, community pension, and so on. Old-age care for the elderly is also a key problem. Most elderly people are either sick in bed or with their children. The collection of pensions was previously done on-site verification. Either you go to the Civil Affairs Bureau or the Civil Affairs Bureau clerks come to your home. Now by brushing the face, through intelligent solutions, remote verification can be achieved, which is convenient for the staff and the elderly. There are also some enterprise-level applications, including new retail. Retail is a relatively closed environment. We know that 20% of the world's retail data is online, generally generated in Ali, JD, Amazon and other e-commerce platforms, and 80% happen to be around, is offline retail stores, supermarkets Wait for the scene. The business logic of the new retail is essentially to open up the line and offline. What it does is the data collection of people, goods and fields, that is, the interaction between people and the whole environment and the whole goods. It is not just collecting you to buy. The transaction data that occurs after the behavior, as well as your analysis of the attention of the items in the entire environment, and the time-frequency of consumption in a certain area, help the retailer adjust the supply, distribution and sales strategies. The core of the retail industry is to care about the surrounding consumer groups. The most important indicator is the distribution. What time is the distribution of goods, which determines the profit of the retail industry. Before the new retail, all the business giants are doing it. In essence, it is necessary to achieve online and offline data, and realize the offline retail industry is also like online. It is not just about what you bought, but also what you watched and paid attention to. What, and what you will be more interested in in the future. Other applications include smart campuses, enterprise-class smart access and campus management. Finally, urban transportation, social services, urban security and so on were constructed. All of these business applications are ultimately built into the urban brain. The urban brain is not completed overnight. It is not all the big systems. It must be built by various applications, various links, technologies, and small and micro cycles. To provide application data to the upper layer, we must also provide guidance to ourselves. This is the city brain that we truly have vitality and vitality. All our efforts are for artificial intelligence to create all the good, thank you.The scope of application of artificial intelligence robots is infinitely expanded. The birth of artificial intelligence robots is a positive change for the whole industry. Artificial intelligence robots can replace traditional manpower positions, which can not only save more human resources costs for enterprises, but also be effective. Improve work efficiency and provide more powerful technical support for a part of the repetitive, cumbersome and uninterrupted process. Nowadays, the R&D technology of artificial intelligence robots is constantly improving, and its application range is constantly expanding. The influence of these brain-equipped robots on the whole society and industry is deepening. In terms of applications, artificial intelligence robots can be seen earlier in the field of unmanned logistics. In the past, traditional logistics required a lot of manpower and material resources, and the structural cost of the investment required was huge. However, with the artificial intelligence robot, all this is changing. All the processes replaced by artificial intelligence robots can be completed by robots. The robots can flexibly engage in related transportation, parts, delivery, etc., even robots, according to the pre-adjustment plan. By intelligently identifying and mastering the control links of logistics and transportation projects, the efficiency of the entire logistics industry is greatly improved, and at the same time, significant cost is saved. In addition to the logistics and transportation industry, artificial intelligence robots have emerged in the recruitment process and play an irreplaceable role. These robots can give targeted candidates to the company through the calculation plan set by the company, improve the connection degree of recruitment, and greatly strengthen the level of self-control of the application, improve the efficiency of the enterprise, and help the enterprise to be faster. Find the right person. In the field of smart retailing, artificial intelligence robots also play an important role. It can replace the technicians in traditional positions, and can also serve as an alternative artificial intelligence chef. For example, before the launch of a certain brand of artificial intelligence robots that can make coffee, you can make a cup of delicious coffee in a minute, providing more possibilities for the unmanned retail industry. In the future, artificial intelligence robots will be deployed in more different fields, and the powerful magic of artificial intelligence algorithms will be fully utilized. The unique advantages of artificial intelligence robots can make up for the shortcomings of traditional human resources operations, and at the same time bring more technological experience to enterprises or users. China, with its increasingly mature artificial intelligence technology development technology, is increasingly shining in the field of robotic empowerment.The core display in smart retailing - the trend of unmanned retail applications In the current era of smart retail, consumers can complete shopping through offline settlement or unmanned retail through offline store purchases. As one of the important branches in the development of the intelligent retail industry, the emergence of unmanned retail has brought a refreshing experience to users' lives. At present, the research and development of smart retail is mainly carried out for the following major sections, including customer behavior analysis, commodity identification, shelf supervision, logistics and settlement, and through the application of artificial intelligence technology, people in the smart retail scene The products, goods, fields and other elements are fully digitally upgraded, and the efficiency of the store operation is extreme and the copying is simplified. As one of the many formats of smart retailing, unmanned retail has become a pioneering project, and it has really entered our lives and played an increasingly important role. When we entered the unmanned retail store, there was no staff to serve us. The whole process was our own shopping and settlement, and the implementation of the entire unmanned retail solution was finally completed through feedback from intelligent data terminals. Because there is a smart front-end camera and analysis equipment in the vicinity of the store, as a carrier of feedback data. Through the collection, storage and analysis of people, goods and field data to achieve data closure, on this basis, users can push more accurate news and help stores achieve intelligent marketing. It is worth mentioning that the current high-accuracy product identification technology based on artificial intelligence technology is constantly improving, and it is also increasingly benefiting more unmanned retail projects, providing more for the development of unmanned retail. Powerful motivation. According to relevant data, the self-service settlement rate in 2017 has been greatly improved, which means that more and more consumers will choose the unmanned retail mode, and they will pay for themselves through the self-service settlement of smart retail. The final result is a one-stop shopping experience. This will also become a trend in the future. Through the data, we can foresee the new wind vane in the future of smart retail, which will continue to affect the retail industry and other surrounding industries. Smart retail will show more new attitudes in the future, and as a citizen, we can also access smart retail through more different links and enjoy the surprise that smart retail brings us. Of course, as a new artificial intelligence technology, there are still many links in the future of smart retail that need to be improved and improved. For example, in image recognition and customer management, more leap is needed.What is the embodiment of the face-paying technology in the era of artificial intelligence in the retail industry? In the era of artificial intelligence, intelligent technology has a high-profile admission to all walks of life and fully promotes the ecological change of the industry. For example, in the retail sector, face-sharing has become an increasingly popular payment option. In the past, brushing the face seems to be just the imagination of a science fiction movie. However, when the face payment was made in the 2015 Hanover Electronics Show in Germany, this payment method went down the altar with the popularity of artificial intelligence technology and entered our lives. At present, face recognition is one of the most mature and widely used technologies in the era of artificial intelligence, while face-paying is based on face recognition technology. In the retail industry, in addition to face-to-face payment, there are many smart terminal services around face recognition technology, such as intelligent welcome, member identification, user behavior track analysis, etc. All of these functions depend on face recognition technology and intelligence. Friendly adaptation of hardware devices. Adding identification capabilities to smart hardware devices can further help the sales industry analyze customer situations, store sales, and availability of goods. Through the cloud data in the background, this system can better calculate the habits of consumers, and can also help the store to develop a more reasonable marketing plan. For sales people, smart technology can simplify tedious work tasks. Intelligent voice services, or robotic automated services, can liberate labor, simplify, reduce costs and increase efficiency in shopping, replenishment, cashier, and many other areas that require traditional human support, and further satisfy customer demands. In this process, brush face payment as the final link of sales is also the core display of intelligent recognition technology. By recognizing the face and scanning the face, online payment can be completed. Based on the uniqueness of the face and the dynamic non-combination feature, the face payment can even surpass the fingerprint payment, which can create a more efficient and convenient payment environment for the user. So in the era of artificial intelligence, nothing is impossible. Now we don¡¯t even need to bring a wallet, maybe even the mobile phone will not be used in the future, because your face is your identity authentication, scanning through the smart terminal machine. And identification, you can complete different needs on different occasions, and the convenience of work and life has been greatly improved. Nowadays, the payment method of brush face is constantly expanding and extending. We are looking forward to a new technology that can further integrate our life and bring more convenience and surprise to the retail industry. The reality of our lives brings more intelligent elements to improve the quality of our lives.Global Smart Enterprise Strength Ranking Trends What is the status of China's smart enterprises? In the age of technology, artificial intelligence plays an important role in all areas of life and work, and the number of smart companies is beginning to rise. In the competition of global smart enterprises, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China can be far ahead, and in other hard powers, China's smart enterprises may still have a lot of room for improvement. According to the data of an artificial intelligence enterprise PK ranking, in the global smart enterprises, the number of applications for artificial intelligence in the field of artificial intelligence should be the highest between China and the United States. Be ahead of other countries. However, to judge the strength of smart enterprises, we still have to look at two factors, one is the number of patent applications, and the other is the strength of patents. As we said above, although China has a relatively high number of advantages in patent application, there may be a certain gap between the patent strength and the US smart enterprise. Of course, this is only temporary and will change in the future. No matter what, no one can predict. However, as far as the current data is concerned, most of the types of companies applying for patent applications are technology-based enterprises that apply for the main body of the application, while in China, most of them apply for universities. From this point, we can figure out that there may be a certain amount of gap in the application of patents by China's current smart companies. Perhaps this may be because Chinese universities focus on deep development in the study of artificial intelligence, and the United States On the other hand, the number of patent applications applied by universities is relatively small, because universities there generally pay more attention to basic computer learning, and the research of these partial mathematical theories is difficult to protect by patents. In terms of the strength of patents, China's smart enterprises still have some room for improvement. As far as the world's strongest artificial intelligence companies are concerned, they have basically been undertaken by some of the top artificial intelligence brands. They not only have strength but also have quantitative advantages. Despite this, many people still believe that there will be many unknowns in the field of intelligence in the future, and the competition for the strength of smart enterprises is no longer limited to the current evaluation factors, and the future evaluation criteria will be further deepened. And it will involve more layers, and this data will change at that time. There is a long way to go, and there are more innovative solutions for artificial intelligence that we need to develop. We believe that there will be new weather in the future of the global human race track, and China will make unremitting efforts to seize the technical commanding heights.Devotion to Qualcomm 4G/5G Summit to carry out in-depth cooperation on the terminal side AI October 22-24, 2018 Qualcomm 4G/5G summit was held in Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong, the summit around 4G/5G, AI, mobile computing, IoT and Hot topics such as wireless technology have been launched, attracting many operators, equipment manufacturers, hardware and software technology vendors from all over the world. As a Qualcomm deep partner, Wu Wenzhao, Senior Vice President of Face++ Technology, was invited to participate in the conference and shared the innovative application of AI technology on the mobile terminal side. The guests discussed the future development trend and solution of the personal terminal Internet of Things. Program. ¡ø Senior Vice President of Vision Technology Mr. Wu Wenzhao, compared with artificial intelligence running in the cloud, runs artificial intelligence algorithms on the terminal side with instant response, improved reliability, enhanced privacy protection, and efficient use of network bandwidth. The application of AI on the terminal side is moving towards convergence and becoming the "engine" that drives the next-generation technological revolution. With the development of technology, as well as the development of explosion-proof applications such as face unlocking, face payment, and portrait beautification, more and more deep AI technology applications have begun to emerge on mobile phones, tablets and other mobile terminals, but the end users are behind the application. Algorithms and chips are also more demanding, not only faster but also to ensure security. Therefore, terminal-side AI products need to achieve innovative breakthroughs at the algorithm level as well as powerful computing power to simultaneously adapt to the growing computing needs. At the summit, Qualcomm announced the launch of the Snapdragon 675 mobile platform with the third-generation Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine, designed to deliver a superior gaming experience, advanced AI capabilities and leading-edge shooting performance. Using heterogeneous computing, the Opteron 675 works with Hexagon DSPs, Adreno GPUs, and Kryo CPUs to achieve up to 50% overall performance improvement for end-side AI applications. Accelerating the implementation of terminal-side AI has always been the direction of Qualcomm's continued advancement. The powerful computing power and flexible architecture supported by the Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine are helping OEMs and developers achieve compelling AI applications. In his keynote address on October 24th, Qualcomm Vice President of Product Management, Mr. Kedar Kondap, said that we are working closely with the best artificial intelligence companies such as Vision Technology Face++ on the latest Snapdragon 675 mobile platform to bring even better results. AI application experience, such as faster face recognition speed, higher precision, and lower power consumption. ¡ø Mr. Kedar Kondap, Vice President of Product Management at Qualcomm In the first half of 2018, Qualcomm cooperated with Vision Technology Face++ and has deep cooperation in the field of artificial intelligence on the terminal side. With the support of Qualcomm's mobile platform, Vision has achieved acceleration and user experience optimization for AI applications for many first-line smartphone vendors. Wu Wenzhao, senior vice president of Vision Technology, said: "With heterogeneous computing, the powerful CPU, GPU and DSP processing units of Qualcomm's mobile platform provide perfect support for contempt for the application and algorithm layers on the terminal side. Under the cooperation, the series of mobile terminal products such as millisecond face unlocking, studio-level portrait light effect processing and super-picture background blurring have been achieved, which brings the experience revolution to consumers. We look forward to The launch of the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 mobile platform will provide stronger cooperation for further cooperation between the two parties.¡± As the leading AI solution provider in the mobile phone industry, the deep cooperation between Vision Technology and Qualcomm also promotes contempt and mobile terminal. The combination of downstream industry ecology is becoming more and more close. At the beginning of the 2018 World Mobile Congress (MWC2018), Vision Technology, based on the Qualcomm artificial intelligence engine AI Engine, based on the self-developed mobile-side convolutional neural network - ShuffleNet, realized a series of mobile smart applications, such as portraits. Background blur, face unlocking, 3D Animoji, etc., and a joint display of some functions with Qualcomm during MWC 2018. In July 2018, OPPO Find X, which adopted the æç 845 platform, was launched at the Louvre in Paris, France. The first Android mobile phone manufacturer to implement 3D structured light mass production, which is equipped with the sturdy technology Face recognition solution, users can unlock and pay by brushing their faces. At present, contempt is adapting self-developed, mature and increasingly rich industry solutions and products to more Qualcomm Snapdragon platforms, while using Qualcomm artificial intelligence to bring better user experience and performance power consumption. The engine AI Engine supports the creation of more terminal-side AI applications, such as face unlocking, face payment, AI shaping, AI beauty, smart lighting, background blur and other scene applications. In the long-term cooperation in the future, the two parties will continue to cooperate to jointly promote the innovative development of terminal-side artificial intelligence algorithms and hardware performance, and further improve the performance and energy efficiency of artificial intelligence algorithms and chips on the mobile side. On the one hand, contempt will be based on the core algorithm of self-development, developing a deep algorithm model for Qualcomm to make it more suitable for the Snapdragon mobile platform; on the other hand, Qualcomm will also provide conditions for contempt in algorithm development and environmental testing, making contempt The algorithm capability can be continuously adapted to Qualcomm's platform to shorten the time-to-market of mobile AI applications, such as the most popular 3D structured light, ToF module and other applications, to provide customers with high performance, low power consumption and high quality. User experience products and software and hardware integration solutions. With the advent of the Internet of Things era, the AI ??is facing new development opportunities, and the integration with the Internet of Things will be closer. More and more IoT devices access the network, digitizing the physical world through embedded modules, computing units, sensing units, and so on. Desperately, by using AI technology to empower mobile phones represented by mobile phones, mobile phones become smarter and more understandable to users. Defiance and Qualcomm's cooperation in terminal-side AI will further promote the AI ??application in the global mobile phone industry and IoT field, and will enable the artificial intelligence industry to make great progress with the growth of mobile terminals.ECCV 2018 | 10 papers + 5 world first, ecstasy technology ECCV tour Local time September 14th, European computer vision top academic conference ECCV 2018 ended successfully in Munich, Germany. It is reported that ECCV 2018 is unprecedented in scale, with nearly 3,200 participants, 776 papers, and 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. For a long time, CVPR, ECCV and ICCV have played a pivotal role in the three major academic conferences of computer vision, helping representatives of industry, academia and research to demonstrate their technological strength and enhance academic exchanges. As a representative of the global artificial intelligence unicorn, Vision Technology is an active participant in the three ¡°C-bit¡± conferences of computer vision. ICCV 2017 defiance technology broke the monopoly of Google and Microsoft and became the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship; CVPR 2018 Defiance of technology and comprehensive attack, papers, demos, challenges, cocktails, a lot, set off a wave of production, study and research exchanges. This time, ECCV 2018, Vision Technology also maintained a high level of participation and gained a lot: ECCV 2018 included 10 essays covering multiple CV sub-fields; won 2018 COCO+Mapillary Challenge IV Ranked first in the world, becoming the company with the most ECCV wins; based on deep face recognition technology, contempt for the 2018 WIDER Face Challenge world champion. The following is a snapshot of the moments of the ecstasy of ECCV. 10 receiving papers fully demonstrate the technical hard power According to ECCV 2018 official website information, there are 10 papers received by Desire Technology. From the content point of view, the paper covers many aspects of CV technology, from a small presentation to a new model design, to neural network design principles and new tasks, new methods, and even weakly supervised learning. Exploration, not just one. Specifically, Vision Technology has achieved new breakthroughs in the following technical areas: network architecture design (1), general object detection (2), semantic segmentation (3), scene understanding (1), text recognition and detection ( 2), face recognition (1). In the field of neural network architecture design, ShuffleNet V2: Practical Guidelines for Efficient CNN Architecture Design not only teaches fish, but also teaches it to fish. The second generation convolutional neural network ShuffleNet V2 is proposed for mobile-derived deep learning, achieving the highest speed and accuracy. Excellent trade-offs, while giving four practical design guidelines for neural network architecture. This will undoubtedly accelerate the full landing of computer vision technology driven by deep learning on the mobile side. In addition, the paper also suggests that network architecture design should consider direct indicators, such as speed, rather than indirect indicators, such as FLOPs. In terms of general object detection, Vision Technology has designed 1) new backbone network DetNet and 2) new target architecture IoU-Net promotes the development of this field. DetNet: The design of A Backbone network for Object Detection is inspired by the gap between image classification and object detection tasks. In detail, DetNet uses more stages like FPN for objects of different sizes and sizes; even so, it still outperforms the ImageNet pre-training model in retaining larger feature map resolutions. However, this increases the computational and memory costs of the neural network. In order to ensure efficiency, the contempt researchers introduced the low-complexity Dilated Bottleneck, which has a higher resolution and a larger receptive field. Not only is DetNet optimized for classification tasks, it is also friendly to positioning, and it shows excellent results in object detection and instance segmentation tasks on COCO. Acquisition of Localization Confidence for Accurate Object Detection (IoU-Net) realizes the underlying original breakthrough of target detection technology as the cornerstone of computer vision. Specifically, by learning to predict the IoU of the real target and the "location reliability" of the IoU-Net detectable bounding box, an IoU-guided NMS process is implemented to prevent the more accurate boundary frame from being suppressed. IoU-Net is intuitive and easy to integrate into a variety of different inspection models to dramatically improve positioning accuracy. The results of MS COCO experiments show the effectiveness and practical application potential of this method. Researchers also hope that these new perspectives will inspire future target detection efforts. The papers in the field of sci-fi semantic segmentation have the highest proportion: 1) bi-directional network BiSeNet for real-time semantic segmentation; 2) new method for optimizing semantic segmentation feature fusion problem; and 3) realization by instance-level saliency detection and graph partitioning A new method of weakly supervising semantic segmentation. BiSeNet: Bilateral Segmentation Network for Real-time Semantic Segmentation is based on three mainstream real-time semantic segmentation model acceleration methods, and with the help of feature fusion module and attention optimization module, the performance of real-time semantic segmentation is advanced to a new height. . ExFuse: Enhancing Feature Fusion for Semantic Segmentation proposes that the mainstream method of semantic segmentation directly integrates the inferiority of high and low features, innovatively introduces semantic information in low-level features, and embeds spatial information in advanced features to optimize the problem of feature fusion. Associating Inter-Image Salient Instances for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation proposes a new weak supervised learning method by integrating the saliency detection and graph partitioning algorithm to accelerate the development of semantic segmentation. The biggest highlight is to utilize the intrinsic properties of each saliency instance. It also explores the interrelationships of different saliency instances across the entire data set. Defiance Technology uses the unified perceptual analysis network UPerNet to optimize the scene understanding problem. Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding proposes a new task called Unified Perceptual Analytic UPP that requires the machine vision system to identify as many visual concepts as possible from an image. It also proposes a multitasking framework, UPerNet, to develop training strategies to learn hybrid annotations. UPP benchmark results show that UPerNet can effectively segment a large number of image concepts. In terms of text recognition and detection, contempt for technology contributes to 1) new end-to-end trainable network Mask TextSpotter and 2) flexible representation of text in arbitrary shapes. TextSnake two technical points. Mask TextSpotter: An End-to-End Trainable Neural Network for Spotting Text with Arbitrary Shapes is inspired by Mask R-CNN to detect text by splitting text areas, and can handle text of any shape. In addition, Mask TextSpotter can be compared to other methods. Accurate text detection and recognition with semantic segmentation. TextSnake: A Flexible Representation for Detecting Text of Arbitrary Shapes can fit any shape of text, changing the shape to adapt to the external environment like a snake; based on this representation, there is an effective method for detecting scene text, including several different Formal (horizontal, multi-directional, curved) text data sets are currently optimal. GridFace is a new breakthrough in the field of scorn technology face recognition. GridFace: Face Rectification via Learning Local Homography Transformations can reduce face deformation by learning local homography transformation, correcting and re-identifying first, and the excellent correction technology greatly improves the performance of face recognition. The relevant experimental results have proved the effectiveness and efficiency of the method. 2018 COCO+Mapillary wins the top four winners ECCV 2018 The most eye-catching COCO+Mapillary joint challenge, the Chinese team won all the championships. Defiance of science and technology in 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition, won 3 COCO firsts and 1 first Mapillary first, winning all four battles, taking the challenge of the "big river", in the case of segmentation, panoramic segmentation Iterative new exploration has been carried out on the detection of key points in the human body. Instance segmentation instance segmentation is one of the most advanced techniques for visual object recognition, and one of the core tasks of computer vision. The key to defiance of technology wins is to work on the core component of the model, and propose a new method called Location Sensitive Header (LSH). The traditional Mask R-CNN method uses RoI Align to improve the accuracy of instance segmentation, but it does not take care of the component head after RoI Align. The contempt researchers unearthed a head that was friendly to the instance and sensitive to positioning accuracy. In summary, LSH redesigned the combination of tasks, combining classification and segmentation, which not only optimizes the segmentation and positioning capabilities of the development instance, but also effectively avoids conflicts between positioning and classification. In the end, Desperate Technology tied for first place with a score of mmAP 0.486. Panoramic segmentation and panoramic segmentation is a new task in this challenge, representing one of the forefront of current computer vision recognition technology. From the task level, panoramic segmentation goes one step further than instance segmentation. For this contest, after exploring the end-to-end framework, the researcher chose a two-fold scheme: integrating the output of the semantic segmentation and instance segmentation algorithms. This approach needs to overcome two problems: 1) the special nature of Stuff; 2) the occlusion of Thing. First, the contempt researchers experimented with the stronger Encoder Network for the Stuff design, and designed the Object?Context?Network for the Stuff Context to ensure Stuff's performance. Second, due to the abandonment of the end-to-end framework, it will appear at the time of image fusion. The occlusion problem, the contempt of the researcher, gives a special Spatial Hierarchical Relation method that ranks the level of image understanding based on the overlapping area of ??different objects. Defiance of technology and triumph, and finally won the PQ of 0.538 and 0.412 in the two tasks of COCO+Mapillary? Human key detection The detection of human key points requires detection of the human body under unrestricted conditions such as multi-angle, multi-target, multi-size, etc., while accurately positioning the key points of the human body. It has been retained since the second COCO Challenge in 2016. Three iterations. COCO 2017, contempt technology has won the first, this time to pursue the pursuit of victory, behind the support is still "squat" breakthrough technology. Because the current mainstream human pose estimation network has encountered bottlenecks: increasing the backbone network Backbone's effect on accuracy improvement is approaching saturation, defiance researchers have designed the new Cascade Backbone Network (CBN), which can use multi-level cross-phase connectivity and From coarse to fine monitoring strategies, significant precision improvements are achieved. CBN adopts small network, multi-stage, multi-layer intermediate supervision, cross-stage connection to achieve the fine-grained improvement of the test results, and finally obtains the accuracy of mmAP 0.764 in the COCO 2018 human key point challenge data set, and successfully defends. 2018 WIDER Challenge Face Recognition Challenge Wins First ECCV2018 WIDER Face and Pedestrian Challenge is a global computer vision top event and new benchmark competition, attracting more than 400 teams to participate in the face of technology Detecting the match WIDER FaceChallenge, and finally won the championship with the results of mmAP0.5582. In this competition, Vision Technology proposed a new cascade detector based on RetinaNet, which not only absorbed the insight of Cascade R-CNN to continuously increase the threshold refinement detection frame, but also ensured that the inference is still a single-stage detector, which complements each other. Performance and speed. In this original method, the mmAP exceeded the second place by 1.4 points in the single model single scale, and the final mmAP exceeded the second place by 2.5 points, winning the first place with a larger lead. The above is some of the glimpses of the trip to ECCV 2018. As a global computer vision unicorn to participate in the computer vision summit, it is a verification and embarrassment of its own strength, but also a good opportunity to exchange and learn. Defiance technology begins with computer vision, deep cultivating computer vision, the explosion of artificial intelligence and the deepening of deep learning are also in computer vision, starting from the eyes of machines, just as 540 million years ago, a major outbreak of Cambrian biology The incentive is the appearance of the eyes. The eye of the machine that can be seen is the common goal of computer vision technology and application, but technology is the first step. ECCV 2018, Vision Technology has handed in a satisfactory answer, stepping out, striving, and stabilizing the first step of AI technology. Then, the next step is to cast AI+IoT on the global scale with extraordinary technology. Flying around.How does the security monitoring system under artificial intelligence play a role in defending? With the development of computer visual technology, everything that happens around the world seems to be clear through the calculation of computer data and the camera at the front end. Security monitoring plays a very important role in this process. It is a solid backing for defending the city's defense of homes and safeguarding people's lives and property. At present, security monitoring has been applied to various security scenarios such as urban governance, security stabilization, activity security, etc., especially in the field of technical investigation, which has played an important role and plays an indispensable role. The front-end smart camera and video analysis technology are integrated into an important part of security surveillance. In the process of specific operation, the security monitoring system can control the security around the city through the camera at the front end, and then feedback the timely information report through the system to grasp the potential hidden dangers that may occur in advance. Through a more sophisticated security monitoring system, the city's guards can timely grasp the basic security and prevention information of the city and public places, and timely discover hidden dangers, and make more appropriate treatment and prevention of hidden dangers. In the current development of technology leapfrogging in the 21st century, security monitoring has also been given greater possibilities. With the continuous leap of related technologies of artificial intelligence, security monitoring has also been given a more powerful display, with various forms and suitable for various occasions. For example, in the community scene, the intelligent security monitoring system can realize the warning of strangers and realize the first-time alarm for illegally invading criminals. This has a relatively high value for ensuring family safety, and it is also a security monitoring application. An important direction. Aiming at the school violence that everyone is very concerned about now, this security system can also be better solved. It is reported that the security monitoring intelligent front end with gesture recognition technology can easily identify different behavior patterns of people including but not limited to walking, running, raising hands, carrying weight and so on. Therefore, the background system for monitoring security monitoring can predict the possible violent behavior around the campus and timely control and stop it, which can further improve the security around the campus and protect the safety of school students. In addition to homes and schools, the security monitoring system under the support of artificial intelligence technology can also grasp the security of the entire city. The pursuit of criminal suspects and the monitoring and tracking of illegal elements can pass this strict system. Carry out control and bring better assistance to the public security department in combating illegal actions. It can be seen that a rigorous high-end security monitoring system is indeed necessary because it relates to the safety of families, schools and individual users throughout the city. Even with the development of artificial intelligence, security monitoring will become an indispensable intelligent system for each country's security.ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology Takes COCO+Mapillary Four Worlds First 2018 COCO+Mapillary Joint Challenge Awards Venue Local Time September 8th, biennial, one-week European Computer Vision Top Academic Conference ECCV 2018 in Munich, Germany Opening the curtain. According to official information, ECCV 2018 has 43 Workshops and 11 Tutorials; 2439 submissions, including 776 papers (31.8%); nearly 3,200 registered participants, unprecedented in scale, exceeding ECCV 2016 (Amsterdam) 2 Times. Under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, the Institute of Science and Technology went to the event to promote the technical exchange and product landing of computer vision worldwide. On September 9th, the most eye-catching Joint COCO and Mapilary Recognition Challenge Workshop in 43 Workshops was held as scheduled at the Technische University Munich, and each event was announced. Achievements, seminars and exchanges. It is worth mentioning that the winning team of this joint challenge is all from China. In this joint challenge, COCO 4 matches, Mapillary 2 matches, a total of 6 events. Defying the 3 COCO competitions and 1 Mapillary competition in the science and technology competition, a total of 4 competitions, respectively won 3 COCO first (including 1 tied for first) and 1 Mapillary first, winning in all four games. The ¡°big part of the country¡± of this challenge has been taken, and it has become the biggest winner. Since ICCV COCO+Places 2017 won three firsts, breaking Google and Microsoft's ¡°hegemony¡± and becoming the first Chinese company to win the COCO championship, this ECCV COCO+Mapillary 2018 defied the four battles of science and technology and won four The crown, the whole battle is a breakthrough, and the self-reinventing high, highlighting the absolute strength in the field of object recognition and detection. 2018 COCO+Mapillary Official results: Megvii won four crowns, COCO detection (coupling first), COCO keypoints, COCO panoptic and Mapillary panoptic. The COCO 2018 Joint Challenge is intended to study object recognition under the premise of scene understanding. This COCO Challenge item has 1) Instance Segmentation, 2) Panotic ? Segmentation, and 3) Keypoints. Keypoint detection) and 4) DensePose (human body intensive pose estimation); Mapillary Challenge items have 1) Instance Segmentation and 2) Panoptic ?Segmentation. Although COCO and Mapillary focus on the general problem of visual recognition, each specific task has a new exploration of the different dimensions of the problem under the blessing of the corresponding data set. COCO(& Mapillary) is one of the most authoritative and benchmarking datasets in the field of object recognition, and is one of the most influential competition platforms after ImageNet. COCO is an abbreviation of English Commen Objects in Context, and has the same name paper. The COCO data set is designed for full scene understanding and is intended to facilitate the development of object detection research. Mapillary Vistas is a newly launched Street View image dataset that focuses on high-level semantic understanding of images and promotes technology in areas such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. There are many differences between the dataset and the application task, while the latter complements the former. Generally speaking, COCO is the object recognition in the natural scene, and Mapillary focuses on the street scene recognition. Therefore, the form of the joint challenge is beneficial to the computer vision technology to be closer to the real scene and more applicable. Since the first Challenge of 2015, the number of COCO events has been continuously updated and the evaluation criteria have become more complicated; COCO 2018 has changed from previous years. In terms of detection, the example segmentation has become very popular in COCO in recent years. This year, both COCO and Mapillary have this item; as the detection technology is saturated, COCO removes the bounding box detection, but the results still appear on the list. on. Another change is the addition of DensePose? and Panoptic Segmentation. Panoptic Segmentation solves the classification problem of foreground objects and background objects on an image at the same time, and integrates the splitting semantic segmentation and instance segmentation into one, pushing the segmentation technology into a new realm and constantly approaching the real application. Both COCO and Mapillary also have this entry. This challenge, with the addition of COCO and Mapillary's two heavyweight data sets, provides a valuable opportunity to redefine and upgrade machine vision algorithms. Inspiring new insights is arguably the biggest value of COCO & Mapillary 2018. The results of the three championships have not only confirmed to the world the extraordinary strength of ignoring the original technology of computer vision, but also the scientific and innovative nature of the company's own ¡°big environment¡±. Technology is the premise of everything, and the champion is the technology again and again. With extraordinary technology, we continue to create maximum value for our customers and society. Defiance of technology is turning slogans into reality. As Dr. Yu Gang, the head of the Depression Research Group, said: ¡°The COCO competition last year made me see more of our solid details and the advantages of the company platform. But this year, the team¡¯s optimistic beliefs and victory. The persistence touched me deeply. Every time when our hopeful ideas produce results, they often end in disappointment. But we have never been frustrated by setbacks, we can stand up quickly every time, reflect on problems, continue An idea, this is exactly the ¡°Danfa¡± where we won the four crowns this time. There is no shortcut to doing Research, only continuous innovation and persistence.¡± Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and dean of the Institute, also said "The COCO competition is a bit like Huashan's sword. How do you compare with the past year? In fact, apart from the results, I value the participation in the team's tempering, including strength and perseverance. The real Huashan sword is technology. The competition of products in the market, contempt for technology will always be the first."Smart buildings are on the verge of urban security surveillance coverage In the era of technological and industrial changes, the rapid development of artificial intelligence to help the industry knock on the door of the future also encourages people to pursue a more convenient and comfortable home and office environment. Therefore, the intelligent transformation of buildings and real estate has been put on the agenda, and intelligent buildings blessed by artificial intelligence technology have become the model for intelligent transformation of various places. As more and more scientific and technological achievements have landed in the traditional real estate industry, in addition to intelligent buildings, concepts such as smart parks, smart offices, etc. have also been produced, and are actually put into actual life scenes. At the moment of the explosion of artificial intelligence technology, the various smart products and services developed through computer deep learning technology must ultimately benefit the people and must be applied to the actual life and work scenes. Can be called a real artificial intelligence product. And these products and services must go through the market, through the user, through the final program to test its feasibility, the birth of intelligent buildings, has also experienced such a process. So why can smart buildings give people a sense of security? The reason is very simple, that is, the intelligent access management system with the face recognition technology as the core has opened up the online and offline data islands, and realized the intelligent control of buildings in a simplified way. At the front end, personnel access, visitor management and stranger warnings are directly implemented by installing the face recognition access control machine, and the data collected by the front end is returned to the background; at the back end, the data manager for the front end can perform personnel regulation and VIP entry. Such fine control, open data closed loop, and integrated access control management, visitor management, welcome management and other modules of intelligent traffic management system, can also be customized according to the user's own needs for secondary development. With this system, smart buildings seem to have a natural barrier that shuts out some security risks outside the building. Of course, the intelligent building solution can be applied not only to the living scenes of residents, but also to office buildings, such as employee attendance, personnel access, and VIP welcome. In this solution, through the cloud data of the terminal, relying on computer vision technology, it is possible to lay a skynet in the entire office building and office scene, and timely feedback data information, whether it is personnel management or project management for the office field, in intelligence Find the optimal solution in the building plan. In the urban security field, many artificial intelligence monitoring systems, including intelligent building applications, are gradually being put into more scenarios to further protect the safety of customers and society and give them a greater sense of security. With the increasing popularity of intelligent buildings, such a security monitoring system for specific places, I believe that the future will also enter the homes of ordinary people.CVPR 2018 | Beyond DeepMind! Devotion Technology Wins CVPR Challenge AVA&WAD Double Champion As the world's 50 most intelligent companies and original technology in the field of computer vision, Defiance Technology is always at a high level in the artificial intelligence technology challenge that participates in the world. Since winning the three world champions of face recognition in 2013, contempt has accumulated 17 AI skills evaluation champions and first place in the Challenge, and continues to write brilliantly today. During CVPR 2018, multiple challenge results were announced. Among them, Vision Technology participated in the AVA and WAD Challenges, defeated giant companies such as Google DeepMind and Nvidia, and won the "Time and Space Behavior Positioning" and "Instance Video Segmentation" champions. The AVA & WAD Challenges are designed for video semantics and autopilot issues. The Challenge not only gives Vision Technology an opportunity to showcase "technical muscles" on the international stage such as CVPR 2018, but also highlights the strong talents of the Institute. The reserve and excellent technical reserves have also laid the foundation for defying the subsequent product innovation and technology landing. Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology, wrote in his circle of friends: "The team won two task championships for the large-scale motion recognition ActivityNet Challenge and the ApolloScape (currently the largest public data) autopilot challenge. I don't know if you are participating in the competition." This not only reflects the team's super strength and amazing self-drive, but also the "fearless spirit of the ignorant" advocated by the institute. The following is a technical interpretation of the AVA & WAD Challenge by Dr. Yu Gang and others from the Institute of Science and Technology, and its impact on the product system. The AVA Challenge ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge (ActivityNet Challenge) is a large-scale challenge in the field of computer vision. It has been successfully held for three times since 2016. The ActivityNet Challenge focuses on identifying everyday and goal-oriented high-level behaviors in Internet video portals, which have been published at CVPR and presented in Workshop. ActivityNet Challenge 2018 The award-winning ActivityNet Challenge 2018 consists of six independent tasks (Tasks) designed to further extend the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Task B-temporal Action Localization attempts to evaluate algorithms based on AVA data sets. The ability to locate temporal and spatial information of human behavior, in which each labeled video clip is continuous and more than 15 minutes, contains multiple subjects, each subject has multiple behaviors; Task B is divided into #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full ) Two sub-challenches. In general, the difficulty of this task is to refine the action to the atomic level. It is necessary to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what action has occurred, and what interaction has occurred with other objects/people. From the results, Desperate Technology won the first place in the AVA Challenge with 0.21075 and 0.2099 in the challenge, and Google DeepMind ranked #1 (Vision Only).¿õ ÑÐ¾¿ ÑÐ¾¿ Ðì Ðì Ðì Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ Ò¢ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸Õ ¸ÕAction classification based on detection location. The winning trick is to use the latest detection technology in the pedestrian detection sub-network, such as Light Head R-CNN; in the action classification sub-network, it combines the latest 3D convolution features, such as I3D, and traditional Two-stream network features to optimize motion classification capabilities. The AVA Challenge won the championship to a certain extent, indicating that the Institute has a strong technical reserve and an excellent talent team. The reason is that the Vision Institute has always attached importance to cultivating and improving interns and researchers through the Challenge. The ability to solve problems autonomously. Through the challenge test and screening technology matrix, strengthening the excellent technical inventory, the formation of a virtuous circle within the contempt research institute, which is one of the important factors that can be regarded as the world's top 50 smart companies and original technology. Take the step from talent to technology, the next step is from technology to product. From the perspective of the company's products, the positioning ability of behavioral spatio-temporal information has a great significance in video semantic analysis. This technology will promote the iteration and update of the contempt technology product system from the underlying factors, better connect the scene and improve The user experience provides real business value; in the future, this technology will play a powerful role in smart cities, smart retail and smart security, and realize the vision of defying technology to empower hundreds of millions of cameras. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is an autopilot recognition challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop, which includes driving area segmentation, road object detection, semantic segmentation adaptation and instance video segmentation. The computer vision algorithm's perception of the external environment; Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires the entrant to achieve instance-level segmentation of moving objects (such as cars and pedestrians) within one frame. The significance of participating in this mission is that the Challenge provides a truly unique opportunity for researchers to solve the most valuable and interesting issues in the field of autonomous driving. Based on ApolloScape, a large-scale dataset labeled by Baidu, the challenge has now opened a pixel-level semantic annotation image of 147,000 frames. It is also worth mentioning that its size is 10+ times that of the current open source dataset of the same type. The fineness has exceeded the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest release of the BDD100K dataset. In the WAD Challenge, Vision Technology won the first place with a score of 0.33986, surpassing the third chip giant NVIDIA by nearly 7 points. ?? WAD Challenge Champion Certificate and Signature?? Despise Researcher Li Zeming's technical explanation on the workshop. Yu Gang believes that from a technical perspective, the algorithm of the challenge mainly comes from the accumulation of current detection, according to which to optimize the scene. Small object. In the challenge, the team re-sets the anchor of the detection algorithm, which can improve the coverage of small objects, and also update some training strategies, such as higher memory utilization and data enhancement, and enhance small objects. Recall rate. Overall, the team's participation in the autopilot-related challenge reached two main goals: one was to test the versatility of the algorithm in different application scenarios, and to effectively verify the ability to despise its own algorithm; on the other hand, Tested its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double-material championship also confirmed the technical accumulation of the contempt research institute and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. From talent to technology to product landing, this logic applies to the WAD Challenge. The example segmentation technology represented by the challenge is an indispensable core component for the development of autonomous driving. Although Vision Technology is not currently involved in the field of autonomous driving, it has already possessed the internationally leading core technical capabilities to broaden the strategic map and The perfect product system has laid a solid foundation.CVPR 2018 | 8 papers, 10+Demo, double-challenge champion, contempt for technology, CVPR, industry, university, research and communication exchange, 8 papers, CVPR, many technical presentations, research strength, CVPR, is the most concerned in the field of artificial intelligence computer vision The academic conference, the delivery and inclusion of the paper is naturally a "hard indicator" to show the academic strength of the enterprise. It is understood that this year's CVPR 2018 a total of 979 papers were included in the main conference, the recruitment rate is about 29%. Among the many papers from the industry, Vision Technology, which was established in 2011, has one spotlight paper and seven poster papers on the CVPR this year. Including ShuffleNet mobile low-power device model, semantic segmentation discriminant feature network DFN, RepLoss optimized for dense occlusion problems, new algorithms for detecting scene text by corner location and region segmentation, and DocUNet that can recover warped document images The technology shows the participating scholars their strength in academic research. For example, the discriminant feature network DFN effectively solves two basic problems of semantic segmentation¡ªintra-class inconsistency and no difference between classes. The new loss function RepLoss effectively handles the problem of dense occlusion in pedestrian detection. DFN as a photo of Yu Changyi and poster RepLoss as a photo of Wang Xinlong and poster In addition, there are two challenging champion papers - Human Pose Estimation (CPN) and COCO 2017 Object Detection Related Algorithm (MegDet) Interpretation, also included in CVPR 2018 . Cascading Pyramid Network CPN to solve multi-person pose estimation problems, this technological breakthrough will promote the development of human body pose estimation related applications, such as game animation, security (abnormal behavior detection, etc.) and sports (referee assistance, etc.). From the mini-batch perspective, MegDet provides a new detection method for accelerated deep neural network training. It optimizes object detection technology from two core dimensions of accuracy and speed, and can be directly applied in security, new retail and unmanned driving. The author of MegDet and the poster took a photo with "The Night of Salt Lake City AI". The CV Young Scholars Exchange held the "Salt Lake City AI Night" on the night before the main meeting, and organized a joint exhibition with Altizure and Dingjing Technology. Field Computer Vision Young Scholars Exchange. Defying the chief scientist of Science and Technology, Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, Sun Jian, Dean of the Science and Technology Research Institute of Seattle, Wang Wei, Professor of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Professor of Shanghai University of Science and Technology, and Founder of Die Technology, Yan Jingyi attended the meeting. Attracted more than 250 participants. Dr. Sun Jian made an opening speech at the AI ??Night of Salt Lake City. Dr. Sun Jian first represented the teachers and students who despised the technology and gave a brief introduction to the current development status of Defiance Technology and the purpose of holding a youth scholar exchange meeting. How to do both basic research and product technology? Dr. Sun Jian quoted the teachings of the university's automatic control teacher: both as a god and as a ghost. It is necessary to be down-to-earth and look up at the stars. The basic research and construction of a company will not be achieved overnight. It will also provide solid technical strength for the product's landing. Dr. Wang Wei, Professor Quan Long and Professor Jing Jingyi also took the stage to deliver a speech. The site not only has the most delicious snacks of this year's CVPR, but also a variety of wines for participants to enjoy, and more importantly, the site also has an exciting lottery. The little brother of the Phantom3SE drone set that won the first prize has already been happy. In the view of Dr. Sun Jian, the paper is not the inevitable result of research in industry. Taking ShuffleNet, which has been familiar to everyone and widely used in the industry in July last year, for example, for enterprises, whether or not there is demand for paper output, how to design a more lightweight model structure has always been the application of mobile applications. important question. As a result, the contempt technology team has improved the memory access efficiency and computation speed by reducing the computational complexity in an efficient convolutional layer design. After completing this paper last year and delivering CVPR 2018, the team did not stop there. The V2 version was disclosed as early as VALSE 2018. (Hyperlinks) However, industry research and academic research actually have something in common. In Dr. Sun Jian¡¯s understanding, some patterns are followed: starting with precision to explore cognitive boundaries, and then further considering speed and efficiency. The factors ultimately lead to a balance point that exceeds the product's utility red line. This Vision Technology held "Salt Lake City AI Night", aiming to attract more like-minded people who are interested in computer vision and AI, and provide more communication channels in recruiting talents. Video Semantics & Automated Driving, Defiant Winning Double Champion At this year's CVPR 2018, Defiance Technology also won single-double champions in two challenges ? AVA and WAD. Desperate Technology has won 15 AI skills evaluation championships. As early as December 2013, it became the first company in the world to win three world champions of face recognition, and became the first to win in October 2017. COCO, the domestic company of the three global winners of the Places Global Image Recognition Competition. This year, the ActivityNet Challenge (ActivityNet Large-Scale Activity Recognition Challenge) has been held at the CVPR workshop to further expand the boundaries of video semantic understanding. Among them, Task B - Spatio-temporal Action Localization attempts to evaluate the algorithm's ability to locate the temporal and spatial information of human behavior according to the AVA data set. Each labeled video clip is continuous for more than 15 minutes and contains multiple subjects. Each subject has multiple behaviors; in the #1 (Vision Only) and #2 (Full) challenges, Vision Technology won the first place. Dr. Yu Gang, the leader of Research Leader and Detection Group, said that this task refines the action to the atomic level. It needs to judge the position of the human behavior subject in the task, what actions have occurred, and it happens with other objects/others. What interactions. The ability to locate temporal and spatial information has a great significance in video analysis. WAD (Workshop on Autonomous Driving) is also an Autopilot Recognition Challenge sponsored by CVPR 2018 workshop. Task 4 - Instance-level Video Segmentation requires participants to move to within one frame. Segmentation of instances at the object (such as cars and pedestrians). This event is based on Baidu's well-marked large-scale dataset ApolloScape, which has opened 147,000 frames of pixel-level semantic annotation images, including hundreds of thousands of frames of pixel-by-pixel semantic segmentation, such as perceptual classification and road network data. High-resolution image data, along with its corresponding pixel-by-pixel semantic annotation, will further cover more complex environments, weather and traffic conditions, adding more sensors to expand the diversity of data. According to Baidu Apollo, ApolloScape has more than the same type of KITTI, Cityscapes dataset, and more than UC Berkley's latest BDD100K dataset. Dr. Yu Gang and Dr. Li Zeming, a Ph.D. student at Tsinghua University who is internship in technology, said that although the company is not involved in the field of autonomous driving, the team has two main purposes in participating in the autonomous driving-related challenge. One is to verify the ability of its own algorithm, to test the algorithm versatility in different application scenarios; on the other hand, to test its own mastery of the algorithm. This time, the winner of the double material also confirmed the technical accumulation of Vision Technology and the good control of the algorithm applied to different scenes. Fun and fun 10+ real-time Demo, highlighting the power of CV Naturally, at an academic summit gathering more than 6,500 computer vision talents, how to better present their technology on the spot has become a proposition for every enterprise. As a diamond sponsor, Defiance Technology also exhibited more than 10 demos in one breath. As Dr. Sun Jian said: "The most fun thing about computer vision is that you can do a lot of good-looking, fun, and easy-to-use black technology." Rex VSLAM's warehousing technology is the only demo video. "Street Fighter is playing". In addition to the video and presentation methods for the venue and network delay, defying all other demos on CVPR 2018. They are real-time demonstrations to better interact with the participants in the field, and in the process of experience, everyone can fully feel the strength and confidence of defying the technology. Dr. Sun Jian introduced, "The real power of computer vision lies in the real-time system of offline scenes. Defying some of the demos brought in this time are all projects that are more fun and practical in the group. Like the street fighter king this demo It was also tested by colleagues two weeks ago. The user can control the action of the characters in the Street Fighter game in real time by means of physical movements. It is actually based on Human Detection and Multi-Person Pose. Various technologies such as Estimation and Real-time Action Recognition will have many practical applications in the future in the fields of retail and security.¡± The video of the Ares warehousing robot demonstrates contempt SLAM robot technology and application scenarios, in the construction of maps, positioning, navigation, obstacle avoidance and other functions, can create indoor high-precision maps, with robust and accurate real-time positioning and real-time flexible pedestrian obstacle avoidance, in logistics, industrial manufacturing The new retail sector has broad application prospects. Ares warehousing robot demo dense scene crowd detection data set CrowdHuman opened source in May this year, providing valuable research work for detection problems in dense scenes. According to Dr. Yu Gang, testing under dense scenes is a very challenging and practical task, and the CrowdHuman dataset is born for this purpose. This benchmark is mainly used for pedestrian detection. On the one hand, data annotation covers the position of the head, the visible and complete frames of the human body, and the binding between the human frame and the head frame; on the other hand, the data set has a certain Generalization capabilities, including Caltech, CityPerson, and COCO. The Demo algorithm presented on CVPR is based on the Feature Pyramid Network FPN, trained on the CrowdHuman dataset, using Repulsion Loss and some other methods that are not yet publicly available (mainly to address the bottlenecks caused by NMS). It can be seen that in the typical scene of the crowd of the venue, the performance of the system is quite good. In addition to the intensive scene human detection dataset CrowdHuman, the non-standardized commodity smart cashier and CVPR paper authors identified two demos presented this time on CVPR 2018. Defiance of the intelligent auxiliary cashier brought by Nanjing Research Institute solves the problem of cash registering for non-standardized goods that usually require manual settlement. A demo scene, such as a bakery, can greatly improve billing efficiency while ensuring accuracy. In addition, the system can be easily extended to other non-standard cashier applications, and will become an AI tool for assisting non-standardized commodity cashiers. "CVPR Author Identification" is a customized Koala system application case for this conference (Koala is an intelligent welcome robot developed by Vision Technology). By using Google Scholar and Twitter authors to disclose information as a base library, When the face appears within the camera's viewable range, Koala will automatically detect the face in the video and extract the face features. If the subject is one of the meeting authors, the name, H-index, and representative papers published at the conference will be displayed on the pop-up card. At the exhibition site, "Intelligent Assisted Cashier" and "CVPR Author Identification" demo, Lei Feng also saw a lot of mobile demos brought by Vision Technology. The two demos, such as the real-time universal object on the mobile end and the key point detection of the human body, have promoted the speed of industrialization in terms of accuracy and speed, and will play a role in the detection of various scenes in the future. Mobile real-time general-purpose objects and human key detection demos, such as the real-time unlocking technology of dozens of Android phones, can be used to help mobile phones in a variety of technologies such as recognition, live detection, and attention judgment. Efficient natural unlocking in a safe situation. Animoji is a deep learning-based 3D reconstruction application that can analyze human expressions in real time and transfer them to cute cartoon characters, which can be applied to real-time video chat, expression package production and many other functions. In addition, the Animoji demo is also a mobile-side "black technology" represented by mobile phone background blur and mobile phone portrait light technology. It is currently jointly developed by Beijing Research Institute and Seattle Research Institute. Wang Wei, head of the Seattle Research Institute, said that from last year until a long time in the future, the main work of the Seattle Research Institute will focus on the mobile side, especially mobile phones. The artificial intelligence related propositions faced by mobile phones mainly have two aspects, one is security, that is, unlocking, payment and other related functions, involving face recognition, living body detection and other functions; the other is image, that is, beauty, filter and other image processing Requirements, including 3D reconstruction, image segmentation, etc. As the chief scientist of the former American Adobe Research Institute, Dr. Wang Wei joined the Vision Technology in May last year, and contempt began to study more in the field of imaging. As a highly complex computer system, how to fully exploit its computing resources, mobile phones put forward higher requirements for model performance and power consumption. In the process of research and development, Dr. Wang Wei also deeply realized that the flat management of contempt technology is highly efficient in different places, making communication and decision making very fast, which also surprises him who has been plagued by the lengthy process of large companies. No. Paying attention to basic research and pursuing ¡°simple and practical¡± For a company with more than 50% of R&D personnel, defiance of technology pays close attention to the construction and investment of research systems. Since 2017, it has expanded from the field of architecture and academic cooperation to the world. Defiance Technology has set up research branches in Seattle, Nanjing and Chengdu, USA, led by Dr. Sun Jian, and Wang Hao is the head of the Seattle Research Institute. In the research field, each research branch has its own focus and division: such as the Seattle Research Institute The development of the North American market, while independently undertaking the research and development of innovative business; Nanjing Research Institute and Chengdu Research Institute respectively carried out basic R&D and industrial development work around the business lines of financial intelligence (especially smart retail) and smart city (focus on smart warehousing) . In addition, close cooperation with university institutions has also become a major way to deepen academic research. Also starting in 2017, contempt has established a joint laboratory of artificial intelligence with universities such as Xi'an Jiaotong University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Shanghai University of Science and Technology. In 2017, an academic committee was established, and the only winner of the Turing Award was Academician Yao Zhizhi. consultant. Why do startups do basic research, and Dr. Sun Jian¡¯s understanding includes two reasons: first, self-realization, if the researcher finds an innovative breakthrough point, then he has already gotten the biggest at the moment of discovery. Satisfaction; followed by external recognition, publishing a paper at an academic conference, or landing a product into a practical application, will allow more people to see and recognize your ideas, and get another positive feedback. "Defiance is a company that pursues. This pursuit has two meanings. One is that everyone on the team wants to be the best technology. The other is that the company can be down-to-earth in commercialization, and the product can be truly To bring value to users." Dr. Wang Wei believes that from a longer-term perspective, Vision Technology not only hopes to become an important promoter or even a leader in the field of AI. "All the beauty that will be created for artificial intelligence" is also the best interpretation of this belief. "The pursuit of the ultimate, simple and reliable" is the research value that has always been inherited. Whether it is theory or algorithm, Dr. Sun Jian and his team hope to make some simple and practical work, and also to attract talents with the same values. "In the process of innovation, the value brought by self-realization will constantly encourage the whole team to move forward, and the external recognition will attract more groups to join the contempt technology and form a virtuous circle." Dr. Sun Jian said . In this CVPR 2018, with 8 papers, 10+ Demo, double challenge challenge experience sharing, and the CV offline sharing session during the same period, Defiance Technology brought a production to 6,000 CVPR 2018 scholars. The feast of close integration of learning and research, I believe that in the future, contempt will continue to bring more exciting new results to users, attracting more young students to join this pragmatic team.ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology Wins the Wider Challenge Face Detection Champion Wider Face and Pedestrian Challenge 2018 (Wider Challenge) is a global computer vision top event, with Megvii participating in it. Face detection game Wider Face, the final score of 0.5582, won the face detection champion. The contempt for the face detection of technology face detection dates back to 2013 and won three world championships in the face recognition field. Below, this article will be interpreted from four dimensions: competition, technology, team and industry. Wider Face results. About the Wider ChallengeWider Challenge 2018 is one of the top challenges organized by the Computer Vision Summit ECCV 2018. It attracts more than 400 teams from around the world. The competition and results are announced before the ECCV. The award ceremony and related seminars are scheduled during the conference. (September 8). After the FDDB, the Wider Challenge became the benchmark game in the field of computer vision testing, with a high gold content, which can clearly reflect the reality and accumulation of the technical strength of the participants. This year, the competition aims to address three core issues in the field of human detection: precise positioning of the human face, precise positioning of the human body, and precise matching of the identity of the person. To this end, the Wider Challenge 2018 is divided into three tracks (track): WIDER Face, the goal is to dig new ways to refresh the current best level of face detection. WIDER Pedestrian, the goal is to collect effective and efficient new methods to optimize the problem of pedestrian detection under natural scenes. WIDER Person Search, a person search that accurately matches the target from 192 movies. From left to right, an example of three matches. About technology From a technical point of view, this face detection game Wider Face has a new difficulty, for this reason, Defiance Technology has given its own solution, achieving the first place, surpassing the second Microsoft (MSRA) ) 2 points. Difficulties Compared to the past, WIDER Face 2018 has two significant difficulties. The first is the data set, and the second is the evaluation criteria. The Wider Face competition uses the same name dataset. It is the first open source in CVPR 2016. It contains 32,203 images and 393,703 detection frame annotations. It is the largest dataset of face types under different scenes. From small face to dense face and multi-pose face. , cover the face, face, make-up face to the fuzzy face, everything. Different types of faces in the Wider Face dataset. Former face detection benchmark FDDB Wider Face has been promoted to the most scientific and authoritative benchmark dataset in the field of face detection due to the small amount of data and simple exit. At the same time, some optimization annotations or re-labelings have been carried out this year. The best platform for detecting competency. Obviously, the difficulty of the game is also much more. The Wider Face 2018 evaluation standard follows the COCO specification, which is more detailed and stricter. It requires more positioning, not only to be accurate, but also to be very accurate, even ¡°metamorphic¡±. Specifically, instead of using only AP_50, it calculates the average accuracy of the IoU threshold of the detection frame over 10, and performs weighted averaging from AP_50 to AP_95 (with a step size of 5 and a total of 10 APs). This once again increased the difficulty of winning the game. Methods In view of the above two new challenges, Destiny Technology has given original solutions based on the technology precipitation, from the algorithm model, Backbone and data enhancement. As a COCO champion, Defiance Technology has a very strong "home" in object detection, and has formed an excellent "drilling warfare tradition". For the small face and fuzzy face problem of Wider Face face detection, Vision Technology proposed a new method based on single-stage detector, called Cascade Detection Network. In terms of Backbone and data enhancement, contempt has also made new explorations. For example, Backbone avoids heavy weight and does not choose ResNet 101. Instead, it uses a relatively lightweight basic network like DenseNet 121 and ResNet 50, or a combination of multiple light models. Defiance of technology follow-up will be targeted to a paper, want to know more people, please pay attention to attention. As a result, through the above-mentioned original technology, the results of defying the results of the science and technology competition were obvious, not only won the first place, but also the results were significantly higher than the second and third places, respectively, 2 points and 5 points higher. In addition, the scorn technology single model and multi-model results have been submitted, and the results show that even according to the single model, you can also get the champion. It is worth mentioning that the innovation of defying top technology is rooted in the underlying technology and the support of the original deep learning platform. During the game, the deep learning cloud platform Brain++, which devoured technology self-study, effectively guaranteed the stability of model training. The original deep learning engine (before TensorFlow) ensures efficient and rapid training and testing of models to avoid time consumption. . It is because of the protection of the rear that there is victory ahead. About team playing is like fighting, it is a team and needs teamwork. However, in defiance of this competition, only 1.5 intern small miners were employed: one for the main and one for the supplement (plus the guidance of the inspection team leader and researcher). This intern's rushing mode is a valuable opportunity to exercise and nurture newcomers. The first place¡¯s performance also contradicts the scientific nature of this model. 1.5 interns, this is not to say that the factory lacks people, nor does it despise the competition. This just shows that the factory has a complete ¡°drilling and playing mechanism¡±, which not only saves a lot of manpower and time costs, but also incorporates this set. Every party to the mechanism has gained. In essence, this is an efficient experience. The intern gets a lot of input, and then passes the talented brain, and outputs the first place. Therefore, by the fake (competition) comprehension (ability improvement), people and things are two. About industrial face detection is in the middle layer of the whole computer vision technology matrix of contempt, which belongs to one of the core algorithms. After engineering packaging or hardware blessing, it forms an efficient and reproducible model framework, and finally leads to the face-related product line. . Face detection is one of the biggest scenes of machine vision technology. It is one of the four objects of scorn image recognition technology (people, face, car, word), and it is also a link in the AI+IoT strategy. The innovation of technology points reflected in this championship will further optimize the entire technical system of contempt, and it will lead to many industrial fields such as mobile phone, security, real estate and retail, and provide strong technical support for achieving AI+IoT strategy.R Talk | Sun Jian, Chief Scientist of Desperate Technology: How to Build Cloud, End, and Core Visual Computing ¡°R Talk¡± is a deep learning column that will showcase academic sharing and phased technological achievements of scorn technology through irregular pushes. . "R" is an abbreviation of Research and is the internal code of the Institute. All "Talk" comes from Desperate Researcher. "R Talk" aims to promote the development of deep learning technology in China and the world through a fascinating and in-depth study of the lectures. Recently, the 2018 Global Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Summit (CCF-GAIR) was held in Shenzhen. As the top exchange event in China's three fields of artificial intelligence and robotics, industry and investment, CCF-GAIR 2018 aims to build the most powerful cross-border exchange and cooperation platform in the field of artificial intelligence in China. On June 30th, the computer vision was held, and the venue was full. The topic covered the frontier research dynamics of computer vision technology and related specific landing directions. Many listeners stood and listened for hours of sharing. Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of Defiance Technology and the dean of the institute, gave a wonderful Talk titled ¡°Cloud, End, and Core Visual Computing¡±. Dr. Sun Jian gave a live speech at CCF-GAIR 2018. Sun Jian believes that computer vision is simply to make the machine look good. Defiance of technology hopes to achieve ¡°energy billions of cameras¡±, so that the cameras in all fields are intelligent. Whether it is in the cloud, on the end or on the core. The history of computer vision is to study how to represent the history of images. Before the popularity of deep learning, the best way is to extract features from the image based on features, and then analyze it; but this method has two major drawbacks: First, the number of nonlinear transformations completed by the method is very limited; second, large Most of the parameters are artificially designed, including the Feature. The method of deep neural network makes up for the defects of manual design features. The whole nonlinear transformation can be done many times, in other words, it can be very deep, so the feature representation ability is very strong, and all parameters can be automatically combined and trained. Sun Jian proposed the 152-layer ResNet at Microsoft, and for the first time exceeded the human ability in the ImageNet? large-scale image classification task. Then, Sun Jian classified the various neural network structures from the perspective of computer platform: GoogleNet and ResNet on the ¡°cloud¡±; MobileNet and contempt for ShuffleNet belong to the ¡°end¡± category; BNN, XNOR Net and The contempt for the proposed DorefaNet is on the "core". In view of the current status of network design related networks, Sun Jian believes that there will be a ¡°MetaNet in the future, which can solve the problem of neural network design and optimization on each platform¡±. Finally, Sun Jian briefly introduced computer vision applications on the three platforms of cloud, end and core, including face recognition, vehicle recognition, face payment, smart security, smart finance, urban brain, warehousing logistics, new retail. Wait. The following is the full text of Sun Jian Talk. This article has been edited without changing the original intention. At present, artificial intelligence is generally divided into two parts: perception and cognition. This picture can see the position of computer vision in the field of artificial intelligence. The green indicates that there is a major breakthrough in technology or the application is relatively mature, and orange and yellow indicate that it is still needed. A major breakthrough. It has been 7 years since its inception and has been focusing on computer vision. Last year, contempt received two very good honors. MIT selected the top 10 breakthrough technologies in 2017. The ¡°sharp-paying technology¡± of contempt technology is on the list. This is the first time that Chinese companies¡¯ technology has been won. This award; MIT also ranked as the 11th in the world's top 50 smartest companies in 2017. Defiance last year also completed a new round of financing of 4.6 billion US dollars for better and deeper research and commercial landing. In simple terms, computer vision is what makes a machine look. Since its inception, Defiance Technology has been answering the question "What can we do if the machine can automatically understand an image or a video?" Of course, this is more abstract. In fact, what we want to do is to "enable hundreds of millions of cameras." There are many cameras in daily life and various industries, such as mobile phones, security, industrial, retail, unmanned vehicles, robots, homes, drones, medical, remote sensing and so on. In these places, most of the cameras are not yet intelligent. Our mission is to make these cameras intelligent, whether in the cloud, on the chip or on the chip; we need to build a smart brain to understand the vast amount of information input by the smart camera. Computer vision applications are very broad in relation to speech recognition. The input and output of speech recognition is relatively simple, and the core goal is to turn a piece of speech into a sentence. But the output of the computer vision system is much richer. You need to know the objects, motions, and scenes in the image/video. Who are there, people, location, behavior, expression, attention, and so on. You will face a variety of different tasks in different industries or scenarios, which will make computer vision a large and fast-growing academic field (this year's Computer Vision Annual Conference? CVPR? Participants reached nearly 7000? People), there are also many outstanding startups. The core problems of computer vision include classification, detection, and segmentation, which are to identify each pixel of a picture, a different area of ??a picture, and a picture. In addition, if the input is video, we also need to use the time relationship for identification; the core of which is the classification problem, because it is the core and foundation of the next three tasks. In fact, when artificial intelligence appeared, computer vision was born. Computer vision has a pioneering character called David Marr, who introduced the Primal Sketch method in the early 1980s and a large framework for studying computer vision, arguing that images should first detect Edge and then out of 2Dsketch and 3D models. But MIT professor Marvin Minsky criticized that your theory is good, but ignores the study of the core problem - how to represent an image. The early image representation model of computer vision is Part-based. For example, the human body can be broken down into heads, arms, and legs. The human face can be broken down into eyebrows, eyes, and noses, so that the object can be represented by the combined method of Part. This combined approach works well if an object has a structure, but many natural scene objects do not have such a strong structure. In the 1980s, early neural networks were also successfully used in face and handwritten digit recognition, but only in these two areas. In 2001, there was a method for face detection called Viola & Jones, which first defined a set of Haar wavelet bases and then learned the combination of Harr wavelet bases to represent images through machine learning. The advantage of this method is the introduction of learning to construct an image representation. The downside is that it is limited to this wavelet base, doing well for structured objects, and not necessarily for objects without structures. Probably in 2000?-2012, the most popular expression before deep learning was LocalFeature-based. This method extracts hundreds of features from a picture, and manually forms some Descriptors such as SIFT/HOG. After the code obtains the high-dimensional vector, it is sent to the SVM classifier, which is the best method before deep learning. The face is similar. My previous research team also used the same method to do face key extraction and obtain high-dimensional feature, which is the best face recognition method at that time, but it has two major drawbacks: First, this method is overall The nonlinear transformation of the input vector to another high-dimensional vector. The number of transformations of this vector is finite. If the nonlinear transformation is really three or four times, it will not work, and the performance will not improve. Second Most of the parameters are artificially designed, including the Feature, but the ability of people to design complex systems is limited. Today's mainstream method is deep neural network, these two characteristics have been changed, the whole nonlinear transformation is very long, can be done very many times, so the system's representation ability is very strong; the second is all the joint training of parameters. These two points make the deep neural network really achieve very good results, including the 152-layer residual network ResNet that we proposed at Microsoft at the time, which surpassed human performance on ImageNet for the first time. Why does ResNet work? There is no clear answer to this day, of course there are many explanations. The most intuitive explanation is that when you have a very large number of nonlinear transformation layers, the difference between adjacent two-layer transformations is very small. Instead of learning this mapping directly, it is better to learn the mapping changes. This way makes the whole learning process special. It is easier to train the optimization process. Another explanation comes from Zhang Xiangyu, the second author of the paper (Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun.? Deep Residual Learning For Image Recognition. CVPR 2016.). He believes that the entire learning process of ResNet? is a shallow one. In the deep dynamic process, a shallow network is equivalently trained in the early stage of training, and a deep network is equivalently trained in the latter stage of training. He Yuming, the first author of the paper, has another more "scientific" explanation. He believes that the whole training process is equivalent to the gradient of deep learning. The most difficult problem of gradient disappearance is solved by ResNet. The explanation is also published in ECCV 2016. In a paper (Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, and Jian Sun.? Identity Mapping in Deep Residual Networks. ECCV 2016.), and in this paper, a 1001 layer neural network was trained for the first time. There are also some explanations from peers. One is to associate ResNet with RNN and think that if there is WeightShare, ResNet can be seen as an RNN. There is also an explanation for the integration of ResNet as an index of multiple different depth networks. The word "integration" actually has some problems, because generally we do not integrate training with integrated algorithms, but in this whole ResNet? index multiple networks are jointly trained, so it is difficult to define whether it is integrated. One of the explanations that I personally agree with is Iterative Refinement, which is the initial layer learning representation of the network. Many layers in the later stages are iteratively and refined. This is very similar to people's understanding of literacy. A thing that is not easy to understand, you have to look at it for a while, based on the current understanding of some of the content you have read. There is also an explanation from the point of view of optimization. If the structure of ResNet is not used, the loss function of the system will be very pitted and uneven, so it is difficult to optimize. We know that the whole network training is a non-convex optimization problem. If it is such a non-smooth loss function, it is difficult for the training to jump out of the local minimum; if it is the case of ResNet on the right side of the above figure, it can easily reach a good local. Very small. Recent studies have shown that the area and flatness of localized very small areas are strongly correlated with the ability to generalize a method. Multi-layer ResNet is very capable of learning highly nonlinear mapping. Last year, ResNet was successfully used in DeepMind's AlphaGoZero system, and it was amazing to use a 40 or 80-layer network to learn a highly complex mapping from the board image to the drop position. Since 2012, a variety of neural network structures have emerged. If you look at these tasks from the perspective of the computing platform, you can roughly divide into three categories: the first is in the "cloud", like GoogleNet, ResNet, the goal is to go in the direction of the highest precision, GPU, TPU can train very large models To detect our cognitive boundaries; the second type of platform is on the "end", especially some embedded devices, the computing power on these devices, memory access is limited, but many real scenes are like this, then you How do you do the research work above? Last year, Google proposed that MobileNet be running on mobile devices. Defiance Technology proposed ShuffleNet last year, and its goal is to show how to get the best results on a given amount of computing equipment. The most basic structure of a network is multiple 3 ¡Á 3 convolutions, ResNet adds a jump connection, we also introduce a Bottleneck structure in ResNet, first do 1 ¡Á 1, then 3 ¡Á 3, then back to 1 ¡Á1, this can improve the efficiency of convolution. Last year, He Mingming had a job called ResNeXt, which introduced a method of packet convolution on the basis of 3x3, which can improve the validity of convolution. Google's MobileNet is a 3x3 layered convolution method, each layer of each volume. Each, this method is very effective, especially on low-end devices. ShuffleNet combines the idea of ??packet convolution and layered convolution to group 1¡Á1 Conv packets; but if only grouping, the information between groups will not be exchanged, which will affect feature learning, so we introduce the Shuffle operation to let The information of different groupings is better exchanged, then 3x3 layered convolution, and then back to 1 ¡Á 1 packet convolution, which is the core idea of ??ShuffleNet. Compared to other methods, ShuffleNet is about 20 times faster on real devices than AlexNet with the same accuracy. This is the ShuffleNet we designed for mobile phones last year. It works very well on CPU/ARM; if it is on the GPU, its performance is not good, because the characteristics of CPU and GPU are not the same, there are many reasons, such as Convolution design, Group convolution, etc., I will not go into details. This year we have designed ShuffleNet v2, which is the second version, abandoned the idea of ??grouping convolution, the new method Channel Split and Channel Shuffle combination of the introduction. This method divides the Channel into two, and does each branch with a very simple structure, and then uses the Shuffle operation to merge the Channel. The root of this is some basic guiding principles we found in network design. For example, We need a balanced convolution rather than a sparse convolution, a more regular convolution than a messy convolution.Despise the 2018 AMB meeting to build a smart security awareness network that cooperates with the cloud side. On October 26, the Beijing Anbo Association of 2018 came to a close in the crowd of people who lasted for four days. As the annual highest-level event in China's security field, it is also one of the most authoritative and influential security exhibitions in the world. This year's AMB has gathered thousands of security companies from home and abroad to participate in the exhibition, and the number of visitors has exceeded 150,000. The popularity of the crowd is evident from the scorn booths surrounded by the inside and outside of the crowd. To sum up the characteristics of the 2018 Beijing Anbo Fair, in addition to the exhibitors and the number of people, AI is undoubtedly the key word for the security technology show of this year's Expo. There are thousands of companies in the whole industry that cover the upstream and downstream of the security industry chain. No matter whether it is a traditional security giant or an emerging CV enterprise, there are only a handful of links to AI. Therefore, through the large platform of the AMB, it is also confirmed that the future of security will surely move toward the development trend of deep integration with AI. But the future is not in the blink of an eye, and the complete transformation of intelligent security is not a one-off. In the past few years, companies that have invested in intelligent security construction have spared no effort to demonstrate the top capabilities of their own algorithms. However, with the AI ??deepening into more complex and rigorous security application scenarios, the upgrade of the algorithm layer is far from meeting the security technology. Application appeals, in order to achieve the large-scale landing of AI in security, we must develop synergistic development of the six links of "algorithm, computing power, data, products, engineering, and solutions." Throughout the AI ??products and development concepts launched by security companies at this year's AMB, "AI+Security" has begun to evolve from concepts and algorithms to "cloud platform creation, terminal hardware development, and solution output." Create an AI technology application platform represented by face recognition, and on the other hand, launch AI's innovative research and development on edge computing and terminal hardware. In this year's AMB, contempt also displayed a series of "soft + hard", "cloud + end" intelligent security products and solutions with the theme of "AI in cloud", "AI in side" and "AI in end". The program has become the most representative enterprise of the current R&D platform and pre-engineered intelligent security technology. Security technology platforming In this year's AMB, security giants and AI start-ups have demonstrated their own intelligent security application platforms with different functions to show their technology, the advanced nature of the solution and the vertical depth in the security industry. . From the business point of view, with the diversification of AI technology application brought by the deepening of the security business scene, the creation of an intelligent technology application platform that can effectively combine the security technology and warfare method has become the key to establishing the core technology advantages of security enterprises. . Despise the display of the geology video structure platform at the 2018 AMB contempt for the display of the hole identification image recognition platform at the 2018 AMB Expo. The contempt is also based on its own world-leading deep learning visual technology combined with public security combat demands to create The cloud research platform for the face recognition application platform, the smart video structure platform, and the Huishun video big data platform. Based on core AI algorithms such as face recognition, ReID recognition, and video structuring, these cloud research and development platforms despise research and development can intelligently analyze portraits, pedestrians, and vehicles in massive video and images, providing various police types for the public security industry. Intelligent operation schemes such as one person, one file, human-car relationship, and trajectory analysis help the police to accurately and efficiently detect illegal and criminals and maintain public security. Edge AI continues to innovate Currently, the number of IoT devices in the public security field is still growing rapidly, while security users are increasingly demanding the efficiency and accuracy of AI technology applications. In this case, the empowerment of edge intelligence becomes the trend of the times. Injecting AI computing power into the edge, the massive, accurate and lossless structured video data selection in the sensing front end of the massive unstructured video data can not only effectively reduce the network bandwidth pressure, but also save system storage and computing resources and improve the system. Real-time response speed and analysis accuracy. Despise AI in the side - high-density face capture platform 300 face concurrent capture capture contempt AI in the end - Minguan, Y series smart camera part of the show at the 2017 AMB, contempt shows the industry's first Full-frame, full-frame portrait capture machine and intelligent computing "box" create the trend of AI pre-production. In 2018, the Expo was launched with a new scene + edge computing-driven ecological solution, adding a new member to the pre-initial AI product innovation - a high-density face capture platform capable of capturing 300 faces and capturing 4K resolution ultra-high-definition quality industry's cutting-edge 4K structured camera, and the "strongest brain cube" B3 single-chip 16-channel video analysis box that integrates the functions of grabbing, recognizing and contrasting alarms. In addition, it despise the industry's first fully-structured camera C4N-888, which can be used for human-car identification in the past year. It can be equipped with a chassis-separated upgraded version of the police processing and control equipment, fast-capture series, portable 2.0, and the latest integration. The powerful intelligent security hardware innovations such as the Ruijing series of smart glasses developed by the face recognition algorithm have also become the focus of attention at this year's AMB. As the leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security solutions in China, it is also the earliest artificial intelligence enterprise to enter the security field. It despise the long-term security and actual combat scenes, and combines the "intelligence, referral and diligence" linkage security combat appeal to create Out-of-the-box solutions covering all aspects of algorithms, technologies, hardware products, solutions, and data, helping public security users build a new intelligent security closed-loop system including front-end awareness, cloud research, and terminal applications. . Facing the future, AI's strong engineering, strong vertical and strong subdivision will continue to require algorithms and computing power to combine security and actual combat scenarios and data growth to develop more powerful products and better solutions. Defiance will also continue to deepen the security field, and will continue to enhance the comprehensive upgrade and transformation of China's security with the never-ending AI cloud edge collaborative innovation. What are the far-reaching meanings of facial recognition technology?With the development of science and technology, many of the imaginations that existed only in science fiction novels have become reality, which has brought about qualitative changes in people's work and life. Facial recognition technology is one of the representatives of the universal application of artificial intelligence technology. Some people may say that there is already a fingerprint recognition, and it seems that it is not safe and not enough to cover the face. However, due to the unique characteristics of the face, facial recognition has the characteristics of real-time accuracy, ease of use, high stability, difficulty in counterfeiting, non-intrusion, etc., and is more easily accepted by users. Facial recognition technology is not only of great significance to our lives, but also plays a positive role in improving the safety of use. It may be that you don't pay attention to it. In fact, facial recognition technology can be said to be encountered every day, and it may be used. For example, mobile phones that are closely related to people's lives and work are one of the most widely used areas of facial recognition. Face recognition technology is installed on mobile phones, which can be used for unlocking, paying, photographing beauty, etc., bringing great life to our lives. convenient. Furthermore, in the field of people's livelihood, in the past, retired old people receiving pensions must personally go to the social security location for trial, and often need to run errands and one year of certification to complete the process, neither humanization nor waste of financial resources. Nowadays, using the pension application APP with access to face recognition technology, it only needs to complete the online remote identity verification through ¡°brushing face¡±, which solves the problem of remote authentication. In addition to the life scene, we can find in the workplace. Face recognition machines are installed at the entrance of many companies. Whenever people walk, the machine automatically completes the non-cooperative facial recognition, which means that it can be connected to the company's attendance. Facilitate company management, reduce labor costs, and greatly improve the efficiency of employees. It can be said that facial recognition is the first step in artificial intelligence to understand the world. In the future world where artificial intelligence fully affects social operation, it is even more necessary for the machine to recognize everything. In the security field, facial recognition has empowered cameras in various scenes of the city to identify faces, arrest criminals, and lock suspicious elements to upgrade urban social order. In the financial field, the large-scale application of APP and face verification verification machine with facial recognition facilitates users, improves account security and greatly improves bank work efficiency, service quality and user experience. With the development of technology, when facial recognition is more popular, it is true that the era of brushing will come. In the current improvement of facial recognition technology, I believe that in the near future, it will fill all aspects of our lives and provide better services for everyone's life. At that time, our life will be more convenient.Dynamic face recognition brings a revolutionary security prevention. Dynamic face recognition. You may be confused when you first see this term, but you don't know that this technology is setting off a security revolution. So what is dynamic face recognition? As the name implies, there is no need to wait. In the process of traveling or moving, the identification is completed by non-coordination, which has the characteristics of higher precision, better experience, faster response and timely feedback command. Compared with other biometric technologies, dynamic face recognition has unique advantages in applications. It can collect information most directly and naturally, and can realize long-distance, fast, contactless recognition and recording of human faces. After entering the corresponding back-end system, it can be compared with the database in real time, and the personnel can be found in time and automatically alerted. The birth of dynamic face recognition has pushed social security forward a big step. At present, dynamic face recognition technology has been widely used in urban governance, social stability, criminal investigation and other scenarios. There are many vicious incidents every year. The occurrence of these vicious incidents will undoubtedly have a great impact on people's psychology. Especially the vicious incidents in densely populated areas have a very large impact. If this dynamic face recognition technology is used, it is meaningful to take precautions against those who have dangers and input, and to monitor them in advance. The application of dynamic face recognition technology is very wide. It is installed in public places to improve the safety of public places. When applied to criminal investigation, it can greatly improve the detection rate and apply it to the network and finance. It will also enhance these areas. Security and more. It can be said that the birth of this technology has made human safety a big step forward. However, the current technology seems to be only used in some public places and important places, such as public security, aviation, large enterprises and institutions, large-scale conference activities, docks and other places with high population density. Although this technology can't be foolproof, it can play a huge auxiliary role. Dynamic face recognition technology has its own advantages and has little impact on people's lives. The collection of face images is done in a state where people are not conscious, and the machine will not fatigue as long as it does not fail. It will not reduce the accuracy rate due to the passage of time. This is incomparable to the human eye. After all, people are flesh and blood, and the correct rate will be affected by many objective factors, and computers do not have such a thing. With the further improvement and enhancement of dynamic face recognition technology, the scope of application will become more and more extensive, and the connection with people will become more and more close, and the convenience brought by people's life and work will also become more and more. High, will also bring more protection to people. I hope that in the near future, our country will have the strength to use this technology in a large area.Defiance of Technology and Inspur Software Group to Help China's Smart City Construction On October 29th, Defiance Technology and Inspur Software Group formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement, and both parties will play their respective advantages to carry out comprehensive cooperation in various fields of smart cities. Jiang Zhenhua, vice president of Inspur Group, Zhang Xinfa, deputy general manager of Smart City Business Division, and Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology, and Wang Hao, deputy technical director of science and technology, attended the signing ceremony. A smart city is a new type of urban development model that promotes the deep integration of a new generation of information technology and urban modernization, and realizes the coordinated development of the country and the city. The construction of a new smart city has been promoted to a national strategy. As an industry-leading builder with artificial intelligence as its core, Defiance Technology has long been committed to self-developing top-notch artificial intelligence technologies and products, enabling urban financial, security, retail, community, logistics and other industries to link infrastructure. The construction of an intelligent integrated management platform for urban brains with AI+IoT as the core will help China's cities achieve comprehensive and in-depth smart city upgrades. Chen Xuesong, vice president of Vision Technology, said at the signing ceremony: ¡°Defiance Technology is the leader of the Chinese artificial intelligence wave and the unicorn enterprise. In the process of building the industry Internet of Things and the urban brain with artificial intelligence as the core, contempt I hope to upgrade the public IoT with technology to achieve refined management of urban security and governance. Inspur Software Group is China's leading cloud computing and big data service provider, and it is a great honor to be a strategic partner with Inspur Software Group. China's smart city construction and contribution to social public security." Jiang Zhenhua, vice president of Inspur Group, said: "Inspur Software Group was established in 2000, is one of the core industrial units of Inspur Group, and is also the backbone of the wave of smart city business. In the future, Inspur Software will cooperate with Defiance Technology in AI, cloud computing and other smart city projects, and establish corresponding regular promotion mechanisms to promote the sustainable and stable development of both businesses.¡± According to the agreement, the two parties will establish close and long-term And a harmonious strategic partnership to give full play to contempt Innovative R&D on artificial intelligence technologies and solutions, and the advantages of Inspur Software Group in the integration of software and hardware integration systems, adhering to the principle of ¡°mutual benefit, equality and integrity¡±, tourism, taxation, transportation, education, environmental protection, in smart cities. Cooperate with solutions in public security, smart government, urban integrated network platform and related cooperation projects to achieve resource sharing and complementary advantages, and jointly promote the development of smart city business. The construction of smart cities requires the synergy of next-generation information technologies such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, and cloud computing. In particular, the depth of artificial intelligence in the subdivisions of smart cities requires stable, secure, and powerful computing performance support. It is hoped that through cooperation with more industry partners, we will build more advanced and professional AI products and solutions, build smart cities and create a better city life for human beings.Understanding the smart park placement scheme under smart city through artificial intelligence With the development of science and technology, China's urban construction has also entered a high-speed and transformation, and the city is developing towards wisdom, which has given birth to the concept of smart park. The so-called smart park refers to the formation of urban decision-making mechanisms driven by technology such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, etc., and rationalizes, efficiently, and integrates data and resources according to data and reality to achieve optimal operational efficiency. At the moment of the rapid development of artificial intelligence in China, the concept of smart park is not a new concept. We can understand the true face of the smart park through some practical cases, and discover the surprise side of the artificial intelligence city. The development of artificial intelligence technology in China has become more and more perfect, and many technologies have been successfully launched in many application fields, and even many successful examples have emerged. The Smart Park is a new concept born on the basis of a smart city. The so-called smart city is driven by data. All the decision-making mechanisms of the whole city are based on data. Through the analysis and comprehensive deployment of data, the public resources of the entire city are planned and mobilized. The purpose of this is to continuously improve the efficiency of the operation of the whole city and promote the optimal use of resources. The smart park is actually extended from this concept, targeting a small space, an office space, and a smart space solution set by the living space. In this program, we will be exposed to more artificial intelligence technologies, such as driverless, online classrooms, and remote diagnosis and treatment. These artificial intelligence products covering public and public measures will be further developed. Realize the contribution of smart cities. For the smart park, while the scope is subdivided, the artificial intelligence project will be more detailed for the launching field. For example, for the smart park of the nature of the office area, more face recognition gates will be placed, conference signs, speed gates, etc. Artificial intelligence products to meet the daily operational needs of smart campuses. For smart parks in residential areas, there may be more involvement in face recognition technology, such as stranger alarm systems, gates, etc., to ensure the safety of the park life. All of these will further change the future life scene of smart cities or smart parks, and will further affect the development of China's artificial intelligence industry. According to relevant professionals, based on this, the establishment of smart cities and smart parks will be infinitely creative through the assistance of artificial intelligence. At the same time, through the adaptability of technology, there will be more innovation and efficiency. The products and technologies have been settled, and the feasibility of the artificial intelligence smart park has been further proved in practice.Xi Jinping: Promoting the Healthy Development of China's New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, October 31st The Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trend of artificial intelligence development on the afternoon of October 31. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, emphasized that artificial intelligence is an important driving force for a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is related to whether China can seize a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. Strategic issues. It is necessary to profoundly understand the great significance of accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence, strengthen leadership, plan well, clarify tasks, lay a solid foundation, promote its deep integration with economic and social development, and promote the healthy development of China's new generation of artificial intelligence. Gao Wen, a professor at Peking University and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, explained the issue and discussed his opinions and suggestions. The comrades of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee listened carefully to the explanations and discussed the relevant issues. Xi Jinping delivered a speech while presiding over the study. He emphasized that artificial intelligence is a strategic technology that leads this round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and has a "head geese" effect with strong spillovers. Driven by new theoretical and new technologies such as mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, and brain science, artificial intelligence accelerates development, showing deep learning, cross-border integration, human-machine collaboration, group openness, and autonomous control. The new features are having a major and far-reaching impact on economic development, social progress, and the international political and economic landscape. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is an important strategic strategy for us to win the initiative of global science and technology competition, and is an important strategic resource to promote China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading, and overall productivity jump. Xi Jinping pointed out that artificial intelligence has multi-disciplinary and highly complex features. We must strengthen research and judgment, coordinate planning, collaborative innovation, and steadily advance. We will focus on enhancing originality and focus on key core technologies to consolidate the foundation of a new generation of artificial intelligence. It is necessary to strengthen basic theoretical research, support scientists to brave the "no man's land" at the forefront of artificial intelligence technology, and strive to achieve transformative and subversive breakthroughs in the direction of artificial intelligence development and theory, methods, tools, systems, etc., to ensure that China is in artificial intelligence. The theoretical research in this important field is ahead, and the key core technologies occupy the commanding heights. It is necessary to focus on key core technologies, focus on problems, comprehensively enhance the innovation capability of artificial intelligence technology, accelerate the establishment of a new generation of artificial intelligence key common technology system, and grasp the layout on the short board to ensure that the key core technologies of artificial intelligence are firmly in their hands. . It is necessary to strengthen the development of science and technology application, closely focus on the needs of economic and social development, give full play to China's massive data and large-scale market application scale advantages, adhere to the demand-oriented, market-reduced technological development path, actively cultivate artificial intelligence innovation products and services, and promote artificial intelligence. The industrialization of technology has formed a good development situation in which science and technology innovation and industrial application promote each other. It is necessary to strengthen the construction of the talent team, with greater determination and more effective measures to build a variety of high-level talent training platforms, strengthen the training of reserve talents, and provide more adequate talent support for science and technology and industrial development. Xi Jinping emphasized that China's economy has shifted from a high-speed growth stage to a high-quality development stage. It is in the process of transforming its development mode, optimizing its economic structure, and transforming its growth momentum. It is in urgent need of a new generation of artificial intelligence and other major innovations. We must deeply grasp the characteristics of the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence, strengthen the integration of artificial intelligence and industrial development, and provide new kinetic energy for high-quality development. It is necessary to focus on building a modern economic system, taking supply-side structural reform as the main line, grasping the opportunity of digital, network, and intelligent integration development, and exerting the role of artificial intelligence in quality change, efficiency change, and power change to improve total factor productivity. It is necessary to cultivate artificial intelligence enterprises and industries with major tie-tie actions, and build an intelligent economy that is driven by data, human-machine synergy, cross-border integration, and sharing. It is necessary to give play to the technological advantages of artificial intelligence in industrial upgrading, product development, service innovation, etc., to promote the deep integration of artificial intelligence in the same, secondary and tertiary industries, to promote the transformation of various industries with artificial intelligence technology, leading in the middle and high-end consumption, innovation, and low in green. Carbon, shared economy, modern supply chain, human capital services and other fields will foster new growth points and create new kinetic energy. It is necessary to promote the construction of intelligent information infrastructure, upgrade the level of traditional infrastructure intelligence, and form an infrastructure system that meets the needs of intelligent economy and intelligent society. Xi Jinping pointed out that it is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and guarantee and improve people's livelihood, and proceed from the need to protect and improve people's livelihood and create a better life for the people, and promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in people's daily work, study and life, and create more intelligent. Work style and lifestyle. It is necessary to grasp the prominent contradictions and difficulties in the field of people's livelihood, strengthen the in-depth application of artificial intelligence in the fields of education, health care, sports, housing, transportation, disability pension, and domestic service, and innovate the intelligent service system. It is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and social governance, develop artificial intelligence systems suitable for government services and decision-making, strengthen the integration of government information resources and accurate prediction of public needs, promote the construction of smart cities, and promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in the field of public security. The use of artificial intelligence in the ecological field, using artificial intelligence to improve the level of public services and social governance. It is necessary to strengthen the potential risk analysis and prevention of the development of artificial intelligence, safeguard the interests of the people and the national security, and ensure that artificial intelligence is safe, reliable and controllable. It is necessary to integrate multi-disciplinary forces, strengthen research on legal, ethical and social issues related to artificial intelligence, and establish and improve laws, regulations, institutional systems, and ethics that ensure the healthy development of artificial intelligence. Leading cadres at all levels must study hard at the forefront of science and technology, grasp the laws and characteristics of artificial intelligence development, strengthen overall coordination, increase policy support, and form work synergies.Defying Technology Face++ is the first to propose DocUNet recoverable and distorted document images CVPR 2018 (Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition) will be held in the United States from June 18th to 22nd. Salt Lake City is held. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. ?? Paper link: https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~cvl/content/papers/2018/Ma_CVPR18.pdf Introduction Due to the rapid increase in the number of mobile cameras, taking pictures has become a digital record of physical documents. A common way to follow up, such as text recognition. However, text recognition is difficult to achieve due to the often distorted or deformed physical documents and poor lighting conditions. In response to this problem, Vision Technology Face++ first proposed a learning-based stacked U-Net called DocUNet that smoothes and restores distorted document images. DocUNet fills a technical gap in the field of deep learning. Due to the effectiveness and efficiency of flattened document images, DocUNet can greatly reduce the difficulty of text recognition, optimize the development of OCR technology, and promote text recognition and retrieval capabilities in real-world, network and other scenarios. From the underlying technology dimension to office automation, wisdom Retail, unmanned supermarkets and even autonomous driving innovations have paved the way for peace. Digitizing design ideas is an important way to save existing printed documents and can be accessed anytime, anywhere. The traditional method uses a flatbed scanner to digitize documents, but it is not easy to carry and is costly. Recently, with the increasing number of mobile cameras, shooting physical documents has become the most convenient way to scan documents. Once photographed, the image can be further processed by text detection and recognition techniques to enable content analysis and information extraction. A common problem common with document images is that the scanning conditions of the document pages are not ideal: they may be bent, folded, crumpled, or placed on a very complex background. Imagine a wrinkle receipt taken from the wallet. All of these factors can cause serious problems in the automated analysis process of document images, as shown in Figure 1. There is therefore a need to digitize flattened images in distorted documents. Figure 1: The flattening of the document image and its use. (a) Showcase some of the work of this paper. Above is the input image, below is the output image. (b) The network in this paper significantly improves the performance of the current optimal text detection system: the following restored document image can detect more words (green) than the above distorted image. The flattening of document images is not a new problem, and there are many solutions. Some vision systems rely on well-designed and calibrated hardware, such as stereo cameras, or structured light projectors to measure 3D distortion of documents; they perform well, but additional hardware limits their application; other work draws on this lesson. The multi-view image reconstructs the 3D shape of the distorted document image. Some people are working to restore a document image by analyzing a single image with various low-level artifacts (such as shading, text lines, etc.). This article presents a new learning-based approach to recovering images of any curved and folded document. Different from the previous method, this paper proposes the first end-to-end learning method, which can directly predict document distortion. Previous methods only used learning to extract features, and the final image restoration was still based on traditional optimization techniques; this method relied on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to restore images end-to-end. Compared to the optimization method, the test performance of the feedforward network is very eye-catching. In addition, this data-driven approach can be better generalized to other document types (text, numbers, handwriting, etc.) if appropriate training data is available. This method translates this problem into finding a suitable 2D map to recover the distorted image document. It predicts a mapping field that moves the pixels in the distorted source image S(u, v) ? to the (x, y)? in the resulting image D. Therefore, this paper finds that this task has some commonality with semantic segmentation; for the latter, the network assigns a class of tags to each pixel. Similarly, the network in this paper assigns a 2D vector to each pixel. This inspired the author to use the well-known U-Net in the semantic segmentation domain to solve the regression problem in this paper and define a new loss function to drive the network to return the coordinates (x, y) in D for each pixel in S. Obtaining massive amounts of data with labels is the first challenge facing deep supervisory learning. To train the network, the author needs to distort a large number of document images and corresponding deformed images with different degrees as input to achieve perfect restoration. Unfortunately, such data sets do not exist. Obtaining a realistic deformed label image is very difficult, so the final selection of synthetic data in this article. By randomly distorting the flattened document image, this paper synthesizes 100K images to use the perturbed image as input, and the network used to distort the image is the inverse shape intended for restoration. There is also no public benchmark available for evaluating document flattening. Previous methods either evaluated on a small number of images, or the data set contained only a few twist types. The author created a baseline of 130 images to fill this gap, with huge differences in document type, degree of distortion and type, and shooting conditions. Data Sets This method is based on CNN and requires a large amount of training data. In this task, document deformation can be characterized as 3D mesh, surface normal, 2D flow, etc. It is very difficult to accurately capture it in any form in the real world, such as a range camera or a calibration stereo vision system. Additional hardware, while estimating the accuracy of the deformation, usually depends on the hardware cost. In addition, it is unrealistic to manually distort/deform document files to cover all real-world situations. This article considers training with synthetic data, which is common in recent deep learning and allows for complete control over changes to the data set. An intuitive idea is to render a distorted document directly in a 3D rendered document, but this is impractical for the following reasons. First, it is very difficult and slow to generate a physically correct 3D mesh through physical simulation. Second, rendering through path tracking is also very time consuming. Rendering a 100K image will take more than two months. -- 2D warped image synthesis This paper directly synthesizes 2D training images. Although the underlying physical modeling has been overlooked, manipulating a 2D mesh is fairly straightforward and the image generation is fast. Since the purpose of this paper is to map the distorted paper to the restoration paper, the data synthesis is a reverse process, that is, the restoration image is subjected to various types of distortion. When creating a warp pattern, this article follows the following empirical principles: i) A real piece of paper is partially rigid and does not stretch or compress. The distortion at one point will bring about a spatial change. Ii) There are two types of distortion: folding and bending, which produce creases and curls, respectively. The actual situation is usually a combination of these two types of distortion. This article first collects a large number of flat digital documents, including papers, books, and magazine pages, and then distorts them, as shown in Figure 2. Figure 2: 2D synthetic warped document image. Perturbed mesh generation: Given image I, this paper places a m x n mesh M on it to provide control points for the distortion. Select a random vertex p as the initial deformation point on M. The direction and intensity of the deformation are marked as v and are also randomly generated. Finally, based on i), v propagates to other vertices by weight w. The vertices on the warped grid are calculated as p_i + wv, ?i. Disturbed image generation: The perturbed mesh provides a sparse deformation domain. This paper interpolates it in a linear fashion to construct a dense warp map from the pixel level, and then applies the warp map to the original image to generate a perturbed image. In this way, the author synthesized 100K images on a single CPU. Each image contains up to 19 synthetic deformations (30% is curved and 70% is folded). The bending needs to ensure that the Gaussian curvature should be 0 at any position, and the folding is arbitrary. The sample is shown in Figure 5. Figure 5: Sample image in the composite data. DocUNet--The network architecture is similar to semantic segmentation. This article designed the network to enhance pixel-by-pixel supervision. Because of its simplicity and effectiveness in semantic segmentation tasks, this paper chooses U-Net as the basic model, which is basically a full convolutional network, including a series of downsampling layers and subsequent upsampling layers, feature mapping. Connect between the upper and lower sampling layers. However, the output of a single U-Net is not satisfactory and should be optimized so that another U-Net is stacked as a refiner on the output of the first U-Net. As shown in Figure 3. Figure 3: Network architecture. The network is made up of two U-Net stacks. The network splits and outputs a forward map y_1 from the output of the first U-Net. The same loss applied to y_2 is also applied to y_1. Next y_1 connects to the output feature map of the first U-Net and acts as the input for the second U-Net. Y_2 can be used directly to generate a restored image. This article has a layer responsible for converting the deconvolution feature to the final output (x, y). The first U-Net forks into two after the last deconvolution layer. The first U-Net deconvolution feature is connected to the intermediate prediction ?y_1 ? as the input to the second U-Net. The second U-Net finally gives an optimized prediction y_2 that the author uses as the final output of the network. This paper applies the same loss function to y_1 and y_2 during training. However, when testing, only y_2 is used as the output of the network. Unlike semantic segmentation, which is essentially a pixel classification problem, the calculation of the network output (for mapping F) is a regression process. The output of speech segmentation usually has C channels, where C is the number of semantic categories. The network only outputs 2 channels for (x, y) coordinates. The loss function loss function consists of two parts: 1. The element-wise loss between the output map y and its corresponding groundtruth map y^star. 2. The relative position of the map of the different points of the output y_1 - y_2 and their corresponding groundtruth map relative position y_1^star - y_2^star relative shift (variable invarient loss). The absolute error is expressed as: ?? The relative error is expressed as: ?? Assume that d_i = y_i - y_i^star, Eq. 5? can be expressed as: ?? This paper also finds that L1 (Eq. 7) is better than L2 (Eq. 6), so the loss function can be rewritten as: ??F The element corresponding to the background pixel of S is a constant -1, so the partial loss in ?Eq. 7 comes from the background. In fact, it is not necessary for the network to accurately return these elements to -1. Any negative value should be sufficient. So in this paper, hinge loss is used for background pixels: ?? and Eq. 7 is only used for foreground pixels. The experiment first introduces the benchmark for evaluating the distortion of a document on a single image; then evaluates the learning-based approach presented in this paper and compares it with the results of previous non-learning methods. - Reference image: The image in the reference is an image of a physical paper document taken by the mobile phone. Collected 65 papers of various contents/forms, each of which was photographed in two, with a total of 130 images. The baseline contains the original image and the document centered cropped images?, and the experiment uses the latter because the focus of this article is to flatten the paper rather than locate the document in the image.The creation of the benchmark is based on the following considerations: i) Document type: The selected document types are different, with receipts, letters, documents, magazines, papers, books, etc.; ii) Distortion: The original flat paper document is physically distorted by different people. ; iii) Environment: The image was taken by two people using two different mobile phones under different indoor and outdoor lighting conditions. Groundtruth: Scans a selected paper document before it is folded by a flatbed scanner. Adjust the size and overall color of the acquired image to match the original flat document as much as possible. Figure 6 is a few examples of the benchmark. Figure 6: Benchmark sample. The results of the benchmark evaluation show that the method is superior to the previous Tian et al. [27]. Specifically, the results of this method are 0.41 and 14.08 for MS-SSIM? and LD?, respectively, compared with 0.13 and 33.69 for [27]. This is because [27] is designed primarily for text line documents and relies heavily on the quality of text line tracking, so it can't handle more complex documents, such as mixed text lines and numbers, or areas where text line tracking fails, as shown in Figure 10 is shown. Figure 10: Comparison of Tian et al. [27]. In terms of computational efficiency, [27] it takes 3 to 4 minutes to process 1 image on 1 CPU with Matlab. In contrast, the network on this GTX 1080 Ti GPUTM runs at 28 fps, although this comparison is a bit unfair. The bottleneck is to generate a restored image from the map. The Matlab implementation not optimized in this article takes about 3 to 4 seconds on the CPU. Overall, the method is fast [27] an order of magnitude, as shown in the following table: ?? More comparison results are shown in Figure 8 and Figure 9: Figure 8: Comparison You et al. [36]. Although [36] uses 5 to 10 images, the method is still quite competitive. Figure 9: Comparison Das et al. [6]. The method of [6] is specifically designed for folding documents twice. In this case, the method in this paper also performs well. The example image in the image above is from [6]. Conclusion This article presents the first end-to-end neural network for flattening and restoring distorted document images. The authors propose a stacked U-Net with intermediate supervision and end-to-end training to directly predict the mapping that can remove image distortion. The author also created synthetic training data and a benchmark containing real images taken under various conditions. Experimental results confirm the effectiveness and efficiency of the method. In future work, the author will apply GAN to generalize this network to the actual image and hope to add a brightness model to remove highlights or shadows on the restored image. On the other hand, the author also optimizes the code that generates the restored image from the map and implements the real-time deployment of the entire process on the mobile side.CVPR 2018 | Defiance Technology Object Detection Chronicle - Large mini-batch detector MegDet CVPR 2018 (Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, IEEE International Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference) will be held on June 18 It was held in Salt Lake City, USA on the 22nd. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Research Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. ?? Paper link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.07240 Leading depth learning era, one of the cornerstones of computer vision, object detection technology has achieved a leap-type development, new models and new methods continue to emerge. This article provides a new type of detection MegDet for the training of accelerated deep neural networks from the perspective of mini-batch. By expanding mini-batch to 256, it can make full use of 128 GPUs and greatly shorten the training time. Technically, the warmup learning rate strategy and Cross-GPU batch normalization (CGBN) together ensure successful training of the large mini-batch detector MegDet, with shorter time (from 33 hours to 4 hours) and higher precision . This means that MegDet optimizes object detection technology from two core dimensions of accuracy and speed, paving the way for the landing and other computer vision applications of this technology, and even in the areas of security, new retail and driverless. After the design idea R-CNN?, a series of new models such as Fast/Faster R-CNN, Mask R-CNN, and RetinaNet emerge one after another. These CNN?-based methods have made great progress in the field of object detection. In just two years, the COCO AP was 19.7 ( Fast R-CNN) rose to 39.1 (RetinaNet). Behind the above improvements is a better base network, better detection architecture, better loss design and a constantly improving pooling approach. A recent trend in the CNN image classification model is to significantly reduce training time through large mini-batch. For example, with a mini-batch of 8192 or 16000, the ResNet-50 can be trained in 1 hour or 31 minutes with little precision. In contrast, the mini-batch of the CNN image detection model is generally small, such as 2-16, while the mini-batch size of the general classification model is usually 256. In response to this problem, this paper presents a technical solution that makes large mini-batch equally suitable for detecting models. What is wrong with the mini-batch? To put it simply, there are three points: First, training is extremely time consuming; secondly, batch normalization (BN) cannot be accurately counted through small mini-batch training; finally, the number of positive and negative instances in small mini-batch is more unbalanced. Figure 2: An example image with a positive or negative proposal. (a-b) The ratio of the two instances is unbalanced; (c-d) The ratio of the two instances is balanced and medium. What are the challenges if you simply increase mini-batch? As with image classification issues, the main difficulty is that large mini-batch often requires a high learning rate to maintain accuracy. However, in object detection, high learning rates are likely to cause the model to fail to converge; if a lower learning rate is used, the results obtained are usually poorer. In order to solve the above problems, this paper proposes a solution called MegDet: First, the author proposes a new interpretation of linear scaling, and gradually improves the learning rate by using the ¡°warmup¡± learning rate strategy in the early stage; then, to solve the accuracy and convergence Problem, the author introduces Cross-GPU Batch Normalization (CGBN) to better count BN. CGBN not only increases the accuracy of the point, but also makes the training more stable, so that you can safely enjoy the powerful computing blessing in the industry, which makes sense. Figure 1: The accuracy of the verification set of the same FPN object detector trained on the COCO data set when the mini-batch size is 16 (8 GPUs) and 256 (128 GPUs) respectively. The large mini-batch detector is more accurate and the training speed is nearly an order of magnitude faster. MegDet can perform COCO training in less than 4 hours with 128 GPUs, even with higher precision; in contrast, the mini-batch requires 33 hours of training and less precision. This means that the innovation cycle can be reduced by almost an order of magnitude and even better. Based on MegDet, contempt won the first place in the COCO 2017 Object Detection Challenge. As a large mini-batch detector, MegDet can complete the training in a shorter time and achieve the accuracy increase. This section describes the principle of the method. Due to several problems with small mini-batch, simply increasing the mini-batch must handle the trade-off between precision and convergence, and the author introduced a learning rate strategy (warmup) for large mini-batch. Although this optimizes convergence to some extent, it is still lacking for larger mini-batch such as 128 or 256. The author then introduced CGBN, which is the key to large mini-batch training. CGBN batch normalization is an important technique for training deep convolutional neural networks. This paper attempts to apply it to object detection. It is worth mentioning that the input image of the classification network is usually 224 ¡Á 224 or 299 ¡Á 299, and a 12G NVIDIA TITAN Xp GPU is enough to process more than 32 images. Thus, BN can be calculated separately on each device. But for object detection, the detector needs to process objects of different sizes, so you need to enter a higher resolution image and perform batch normalization on multiple GPUs to gather enough statistics from more samples. Performing batch normalization across GPUs requires calculating aggregated mean/variance statistics for all devices. Most existing deep learning frameworks use the BN implementation in cuDNN?, but only provide advanced APIs and cannot modify internal statistics. Therefore, a primary mathematical expression is required to perform the BN and summarize the statistics through the AllReduce? operation. These fine-grained expressions typically add significant overhead to the runtime, while AllReduce operations are missing in most frameworks. The CGBN implementation is shown in Figure 3: Figure 3: CGBN implementation. An ellipse represents synchronization between devices, and a rounded box represents parallel computing of multiple devices. Experiment The data set used in this experiment was COCO Detection, which was divided into training set, validation set and test set, covering 80 categories and over 250,000 images. Backbone is a pre-trained ResNet-50 on ImageNet; the detection framework is the Feature Pyramid Network (FPN). The number of training set images exceeds 118,000, the validation set is 5000 images, the SGD optimizer momentum is 0.9, the weight decay is 0.0001, and the basic learning rate of mini-batch 16 is 0.02. The main results of the experiment are shown in Table 3: Figure 4: The accuracy of the verification set for 16-batch and 256-batch, using a long-term training strategy. Both detectors have the same BN size. The vertical dashed line indicates the moment when the learning rate decays. Third, as shown in the last part of Table 3, this paper investigates long-term training strategies. Longer training times will result in a slight increase in accuracy. Finally, as shown in Figure 4, 256-batch performs poorly in the early stages of epochs, but in the final stage it overtakes 16-batch (after the second learning rate decay). This situation is quite different from image classification, where the precision curve and the convergence score are very close in the mini-batch settings of different sizes. Conclusion This paper presents a large mini-batch detector MegDet that achieves higher accuracy in less time. This work is significant and has greatly shortened the research cycle. With MegDet, Vision Technology has won the COCO 2017 Test Challenge, some of which are as follows: Figure 5: An example of MegDet on the COCO dataset. Table 4: Results of (enhanced) MegDet on COCO test-dev. There are four main technical contributions in this paper: - Based on the assumption of maintaining equal loss variance, this paper proposes a new interpretation of linear scaling rules in the context of object detection. - This article is the first to train BN in the object detection framework; experiments have shown that CGBN not only helps the accuracy of the rise, but also makes the training easier to converge, especially for large mini-batch.CVPR 2018 | A new approach to Vision Technology - Detecting scene texts through corner positioning and region segmentation CVPR 2018 (Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, IEEE International Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference) will be 6 Held in Salt Lake City, USA from the 18th to the 22nd. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. ?? Paper link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.08948 lead in the detection matrix of the eye of the machine, the natural scene text is a kind of important objects that cannot be avoided, and there are exterior scenes, videos, web pages, subtitles, screenshots, etc. A variety of expressions. Devotion Technology Face++ has pioneered a new type of text detector by taking advantage of the respective advantages of object detection and semantic segmentation, and innovatively integrated it to a new level. The impact of this iterative upgrade of the underlying detection technology is universal, meaning that most of the practical applications related to text recognition can be optimized and improved to different degrees, and promote text detection technology in live broadcast, e-commerce, forums and other UGC. Content platform websites, or video websites such as barrage, comments, group chats, nicknames, and social apps; further enhance the search and retrieval capabilities of texts in products and images, and promote the development of smart retail, unmanned supermarkets and other industries. Popularization, and even promote the advancement of autonomous driving technology. It can be seen that the new text detection technology launched by Vision Technology not only helps customers to get out of the dilemma of massive data, but also develops personalized strategies, efficiently filters multiple types of junk text and sensitive words, eliminates text hidden dangers, and thus creates intelligence, security, and The civilized social environment can also promote the development of new retail, unmanned supermarkets and autonomous driving. Design Ideas Recently, as practical application requirements continue to grow, it has become increasingly popular to extract textual information from real-life scene images. Scene text detection - a natural image text positioning technology - plays an indispensable role in various text reading systems. Due to both internal and external factors, scene text detection challenges are numerous. External factors refer to external environments such as noise, blur, and occlusion. They are also the main source of trouble for general object detection. Internal factors come from the properties of the scene text. Compared with general object detection, scene text detection is more complicated because: 1) the text in the natural scene can be in any direction, so the bounding box to be detected is usually a rotating rectangle or quadrilateral; 2) the length of the scene text bounding box The width ratio varies greatly, and usually there is an extreme aspect ratio; 3) the scene text has various granularities, such as characters, words or lines of text, and the algorithm can hardly determine the text instance when positioning the bounding box. Figure 1: Upstream and downstream from left to right are predicted top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left corner and position sensitive maps. In the past few years, a lot of research on scene text detection has been carried out. Combined with the promotion of general object detection and semantic segmentation, the recent results of scene text detection have been remarkable, and two types of mainstream detectors have evolved. The first type is based on the general object detectors SSD, YOLO, DenseBox, which can directly predict the candidate bounding box; the second type is based on semantic segmentation, which can generate a segmentation graph, and the final text box is given by post-processing. This paper combines the ideas of the above two methods and innovates. It is mainly based on the following two findings: 1) We can pass the corner points of the rectangle (top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left, as shown in Figure 1). ) to determine a rectangle, regardless of its size, aspect ratio or direction; 2) text region segmentation map can provide effective text location information, position-sensitive text region segmentation map (Figure 1) can provide Valid text instance information. Therefore, this article first directly detects the corners of the text rather than the regression text box. In addition, this paper predicts position-sensitive segmentation maps rather than text/non-text maps. Finally, this paper generates candidate bounding boxes by sampling and combining the detected corner points, and eliminates the unreasonable bounding box according to the segmentation information. The pipeline of the proposed method is shown in Figure 2. Figure 2: Overview of the method in this article. Given an image, the network outputs corner points and segmentation maps by means of corner detection and position-sensitive segmentation; then candidate frames are generated by sampling and combining corner points; finally, these candidate frames are scored by segmentation and are suppressed by NMS The remaining candidate box. The main highlights of this method are: 1) Since the scene text is detected by sampling and combining corner points, the method can process text in any direction; 2) the method can naturally avoid the detection of corner points instead of text bounding boxes. The problem of large change in aspect ratio; 3) By position-sensitive segmentation, the method can segment text instances well, regardless of whether it is a character, word or text line; 4) In this method, the boundary of the candidate frame is angled Point to decide. This method produces a more accurate bounding box than the anchor or text region based text bounding box, especially for long text. The effectiveness of this method is validated in horizontal text, multi-directional text, multi-directional long text, and public data sets of multilingual texts, which proves its advantages in accuracy and speed. In particular, the F-Measures of this method are 84.3%, 81.5%, and 72.4% on ICDAR2015, MSRA-TD500, and MLT?, respectively, which is significantly better than the previous best method. In addition, the method has a competitive advantage in terms of efficiency, and can process more than 10.4 images per second with an input picture size of 512x512. Network Architecture The method in this paper is a full-convolution network, which can implement feature extraction, corner detection and location-sensitive text region segmentation. The network architecture is shown in Figure 3. Given an image, the network gives candidate corner points and segmentation maps. Figure 3: The network consists of three parts: Backbone, Corner Detector, and Position Sensitive Segmentation Detector. Backbone uses DSSD. The corner detector is built on top of multiple feature layers (pink modules). The position sensitive segmentation detector shares a pink module with the corner detector. -- Feature extraction The backbone of the model is adapted from the pre-trained VGG16 network and is designed based on the following considerations: 1) the size of the scene text varies greatly, so the backbone must be sufficient to deal with the problem; 2) the background in the natural scene is very complex Therefore, features preferably contain more context. In view of the good performance of the FPN/DSSD structure on the above issues, this paper extracts features through the FPN/DSSD backbone. -- Corner Detection This article uses a square box to represent a corner point and uses the default box to revert to the corner point. The center point of the frame is the corner point position, and the side length of the frame is the shortest side of the text box to which the corner point belongs. Corner point detection is more complicated than SSD/DSSD. Each default box outputs a corresponding candidate box with different classification scores and offsets. Because there can be multiple corner points in the same position, the output corresponding to the default box in this paper is the classification score and offset of the four candidate boxes of the four types of corner points. In this paper, the prediction module is used to predict the scores and offsets of two branches in a convolution manner. For the m ¡Á n? feature map with k default boxes in each cell, the ¡°point¡± branch and the ¡°offset¡± branch respectively output 2 scores for each type of corner point of each default box. 4 offsets. Here, 2 in the "point value" branch indicates whether there is a corner point in the position. In general, the output channels of the "fraction" branch and the "offset" branch are k ¡Á q ¡Á 2 and k ¡Á q ¡Á 4, where q represents the corner type. q The default is equal to 4. The training phase follows the matching strategy of default box and groundtruth in SSD. To detect scene text of different sizes, this article uses different sizes of default boxes on multiple layer features. - Position Sensitive Segmentation The previous segmentation based text detection method characterizes the probability that each pixel belongs to a text region by generating a segmentation map. However, due to the overlap of text areas and improper prediction of text pixels, the text areas in the score map are often not separated from each other. In order to obtain a text bounding box from the segmentation map, complex post-processing is required. Inspired by InstanceFCN?, this article uses position-sensitive segmentation to generate text segmentation maps. Relative position information is introduced compared to the previous text segmentation method. Specifically, the text bounding box R is divided into multiple bins by a g x g rule grid. For each bin, a split graph can be used to determine if the pixel of the graph belongs to the bin. As shown in Figure 4, this paper can effectively process similar or overlapping text areas with position-sensitive segmentation. In this paper, we construct a position-sensitive segmentation in a unified network, and use the features F3, F4, F7, F8, F9, etc. to predict g x g text region segmentation map. The default g is 2. Figure 4: Location-sensitive zone segmentation provides instance information that effectively filters out false alarms. (a) input image; (b) predicted text proposal and split graph. (c) Rating. The red boxes are text proposals corresponding to words (valid), similar words, and mutually overwritten words (invalid). The score for the text box proposal is calculated by the rotated position-sensitive ROI average pooling layer (Algorithm 1). Training and Reasoning For inputting training samples, this paper first converts each text box (arbitrary quadrilateral) in groundtruth into a rectangle that covers the text box and has the smallest area, and determines the relative positions of the four corner points. The relative position of the transformed rectangle should follow the following principles: 1) The x-axis of the upper left and lower left corners must be smaller than the x-axis of the upper right and lower right corners respectively; 2) the y-axis of the upper left and upper right corners must be smaller than the lower left and lower right corners respectively. The y axis of the point. Based on the relative position of the corner points, this paper can generate corner points and position-sensitive segmented groundtruth, as shown in Figure 5. Figure 5: Generate tags for corner detection and position sensitive segmentation. (a) Redefine the corner points and use squares (white, red, green, blue boxes), and set the side length to the short edge of the text bounding box R (yellow box). (b) The groundtruth of R in (a) corresponding to the position-sensitive segmentation. In the inferential phase, a lot of corner points are generated containing the predicted position, the length of the short side, and the confidence information. High score corners (default greater than 0.5) are reserved. After NMS, 4 corner points are composed based on relative position information. A large number of candidate bounding boxes are generated after sampling and grouping corners. This paper uses location-sensitive region segmentation to score candidate text boxes. The process is shown in Figure 6. Figure 6: Overview of the scoring process. The yellow frame in (a) is the candidate box. (b) is a predicted segmentation map. This paper generates an instance segment (c) of the candidate box by collecting the segmentation map. The score is calculated by averaging the instance segmentation area. To handle the rotated text bounding box, this paper proposes a rotated position-sensitive ROI average pooling layer. Specifically, for a rotating bounding box, this paper first divides the box into g x g bins. For each bin, calculates the mean of all the pixels in the corresponding pre-frame bin area, and finally averages the mean of all bins. The specific process is shown in Algorithm 1. ?? Algorithm 1: Rotational position sensitive ROI average pooling layer. The low-scoring candidate box will be filtered out. The default threshold for this article is 0.6. Experimental results To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, the author conducted experiments on five data sets: ICDAR2015, ICDAR2013, MSRA-TD500, MLT, COCO-Text, which detected multi-directional text, horizontal text, multi-directional long text, and more. Language text and generalization ability. -- Multi-directional text This paper tested the performance of the model in arbitrary direction text detection on ICDAR2015 data and compared it with other current best practices. All results are shown in Table 2. This method greatly exceeds the previous method. When tested on a single scale, the method's F-measure? is 80.7%, which is better than all other methods; when tested on multiple scales, the method's F-measure? is 84.3%, which is better than the current best method. 3.3%. Table 2: ICDAR2015 results. ? indicates multi-scale, ? indicates that the model's underlying network is not VGG16. -- Horizontal text This paper tested the performance of the model on horizontal text detection on ICDAR2013 data. The results are shown in Table 3. When tested on a single scale, the method's F-measure? is 85.8%, slightly below the highest value. In addition, the method can process 10.4 images per second, faster than most methods. When tested on multiple scales, the method's F-measure? is 88.0%, which is also a competitive advantage. Table 3: ICDAR2013 results. ? indicates multi-scale, ? indicates that the model's underlying network is not VGG16. Note that the first three lines are done under the ¡°ICDAR2013¡± ??evaluation protocol. -- Multi-directional long text This paper tested the performance of the model on multi-directional long text detection on MSRA-TD500 data. The results are shown in Table 4, and its performance is much better than all previous methods. The method achieved the best performance (87.6%, 76.2%, and 81.5%?) on recall, accuracy, and F-measure, and was significantly better than the previous best (81.5% vs. 77.0%?). This shows that this method is better at detecting long text in any direction than other methods. Table 4: MSRA-TD500 results. ? The underlying network representing the model is not VGG16. -- Multilingual text This paper tested the performance of the model on multilingual text detection on MLT data. As shown in Table 5, this method surpasses other methods by at least 3.1%. Table 5: MLT results. ? indicates multi-scale. -- Generalization ability To evaluate the generalization ability of the model, this paper uses the model trained on the ICDAR2015 data set to test on the COCO-Text data set. The results are shown in Table 6. Without training, this method has an F-measure of 42.5% on the COCO-Text dataset, which is superior to other methods. Table 6: COCO-Text results. ? indicates multi-scale. Conclusion This paper proposes a scene text detector that can locate text by corner detection and position sensitive segmentation. The author evaluates the detector on several specialized multi-directional texts, horizontal texts, multi-directional long texts, and multilingual texts. The superior performance of the detector demonstrates the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method. The contribution of this method has the following four aspects: 1) A new scene text detector combining object detection and segmentation is proposed, which can realize end-to-end training and evaluation; 2) Based on location-sensitive ROI pooling, a kind of proposed Position-sensitive rotating ROI average pooling layer, can handle proposals in any direction; 3) This method can simultaneously deal with many difficulties that plagued the previous multi-directional text detection methods, such as rotation, aspect ratio change, very close text instances, etc. ; 4) This method also achieves better or more competitive results in terms of accuracy and efficiency. In the future, the author will build an end-to-end OCR system based on this method.News broadcast 8 minutes! General Secretary Xi emphasized that AI has the effect of ¡°head geese¡± and must be brave in no-man's land! Last year, the state issued the "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan", which raised artificial intelligence to the national strategy for the first time. As the core driving force of the new round of industrial transformation, artificial intelligence has continuously released the enormous energy of previous scientific and technological revolutions and industrial reform savings. Yesterday (October 31), the news broadcast reported a collective study of national leaders with a video of nearly 8 minutes, focusing on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. At the meeting, Gao Wen, a professor at Peking University and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, gave a lecture and discussed opinions and suggestions. This article is divided into three parts: 1. The main content of this collective study. 2. Academician Gao Wen had previous opinions and opinions on Chinese artificial intelligence. 3. Policies to promote the development of artificial intelligence introduced at various levels of the country. AI has a "head geese" effect, supporting scientists to brave "no man's land" According to Xinhua News Agency, this collective study was held this afternoon, mainly on the ninth collective study on the status quo and trend of artificial intelligence development. Artificial intelligence is a strategic technology that leads this round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation. It has the effect of a ¡°head geese¡± with strong spillovers. Driven by new theoretical and new technologies such as mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, and brain science, the artificial intelligence as the ¡°head geese¡± accelerates development, showing deep learning, cross-border integration, human-machine collaboration, and group intelligence. New features such as openness and self-management are having a major and far-reaching impact on economic development, social progress, and the international political and economic landscape. Therefore, as an important driving force of the new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is a strategic issue that can grasp the new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. Under the strategy, it is necessary to focus on enhancing originality and focus on key core technologies to consolidate the foundation of the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence. The following points need to be strengthened: strengthen basic theoretical research, support scientists to brave the "no man's land" at the forefront of artificial intelligence technology, and strive to achieve revolutionary and disruptive breakthroughs in the direction of artificial intelligence development and theory, methods, tools, systems, etc. To ensure that China's theoretical research in the important field of artificial intelligence is ahead, and key core technologies occupy the commanding heights. Focusing on key core technologies, it is problem-oriented, comprehensively enhances the ability of artificial intelligence technology innovation, accelerates the establishment of a new generation of artificial intelligence key common technology system, and grasps the layout on the short board to ensure that the key core technologies of artificial intelligence are firmly in their hands. Strengthen the application of science and technology, closely focus on the needs of economic and social development, give full play to China's massive data and the advantages of large-scale market applications, adhere to the demand-oriented, market-strengthening technological development path, actively cultivate artificial intelligence innovative products and services, and promote artificial intelligence technology. Industrialization forms a good development situation in which science and technology innovation and industrial application promote each other. Strengthen the construction of the talent team, build a multi-level high-level talent training platform with greater determination and more effective measures, strengthen the training of reserve talents, and provide more adequate talent support for science and technology and industrial development. Academician Gao Wen once pointed out that the five new clues of AI hope that the new algorithm of machine learning will progress. The Gao Wen academician who participated in the collective study of the leaders of the country is a professor at Peking University, a doctoral tutor, IEEE Fellow, academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, Tokyo, Japan. University Ph.D. Director of Peking University Digital Media Research Institute, Director of National Engineering Laboratory of Digital Video Codec Technology, Director of Digital Media Center of Peking University Information Engineering College. According to the China Science and Technology Network, Academician Gao Wen once emphasized the five new clues of current artificial intelligence in the twenty-sixth media fusion technology seminar (ICTC2018) in 2018: The first one: deep learning on big data + The comprehensive evolutionary technology of self-exercise is two: network-based group intelligence has sprouted three: human-computer integration technology-oriented hybrid intelligence: four cross-media reasoning has emerged: five-handed system rapid development of artificial intelligence development to the present Three ups and downs are themselves a spiral development, and the future will take turns in computer science, electronics, automation and so on. Academician Gao Wen pointed out that China's next generation of artificial intelligence has more layouts in the new algorithm of machine learning, and hopes that there will be more progress in the new algorithm of machine learning. The Prime Minister carefully looked at the highest level of chips. The top leaders of the AI ??books on the Chairman¡¯s shelf attached great importance to the development of AI and also studied many times. Not long ago, the Prime Minister visited the Belgian Microelectronics Research Center (IMEC) to learn more about the time-consuming, energy-efficient and application of high-precision nanochips in the field of people's livelihood. The IMEC Center continuously shortens the distance between circuits and circuits on the chip through precision lithography technology, and improves communication efficiency and operation speed. At present, it has produced 3 nanometer chips, which is the highest level in the world. According to the People¡¯s Daily, the Prime Minister ¡°received the glasses and looked at the chip of a vinyl record for a long time and asked four or five questions.¡± This photo made many netizens ¡°tie¡±. According to the People¡¯s Daily News, on the 26th of this month, the sixth session of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People¡¯s Congress was closed at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. After the closing meeting, the Standing Committee of the 13th National People¡¯s Congress held a lecture on the seventh lecture. Tan Tieniu, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, gave a lecture entitled "Innovative Development and Social Impact of Artificial Intelligence." Tan Tie Niu has introduced the development status of artificial intelligence in detail on many occasions. He once pointed out that the ¡°smart +X¡± application paradigm is becoming more and more mature, and AI rapidly penetrates and integrates into all walks of life to reshape the whole society. This is the fourth of artificial intelligence. The most important manifestation of the sub-technical revolution. In this year's New Year speech, the careful TV audience found that the National President's bookshelf not only contained classic socialist works, but also artificial intelligence books, including the famous machine learning expert Pedro Domingos's "Ultimate Algorithm" and Brett Kingde. "Intelligent Wave". Domingos believes that the answer to all learning problems in AI technology is an ultimate "master" algorithm that provides feedback to the AI ??system and allows the system to evolve. Bill Gates recommended this book as a must-read AI book. Domingos said that China has an advantage in the AI ??competition because it has a large amount of data, and it is the data that drives machine learning. In the book Smart Wave, the authors present a large number of cases and rich pictures to show us a smart future, how robots will replace human work, and whether artificial intelligence will classify us as low energy. Artificial intelligence has risen to national strategy, and the country has introduced a number of AI-related policies. In recent years, China has continuously introduced artificial intelligence-related policies to promote the development of artificial intelligence technology and industry. Last year's "two sessions," artificial intelligence first appeared in the "Government Work Report." Premier Li Keqiang mentioned in the "Government Work Report": "On the one hand, we must accelerate the cultivation of new materials, artificial intelligence, integrated circuits, bio-pharmaceuticals, fifth-generation mobile communications and other emerging industries, on the other hand, we must apply big data, cloud computing, Technologies such as the Internet of Things have accelerated the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries, and the development of intelligent manufacturing has been the main direction.¡± In July last year, the state officially issued the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡±, which raised artificial intelligence to the national strategy for the first time. The "Plan" pointed out that artificial intelligence, as the core driving force of the new round of industrial transformation, will further release the enormous energy of previous scientific and technological revolutions and industrial transformation savings, and create new powerful engines to reconstruct production, distribution, exchange, consumption and other economics. All aspects of the activity form new intelligent demands from macro to micro, and promote new technologies, new products, new industries, new formats, new models, trigger major changes in economic structure, profoundly change human production lifestyles and thinking patterns, and achieve The overall jump in social productivity. Last year, a number of personal intelligence related policies were issued at the national level. In this year's "two sessions" government work report, the Prime Minister once again pointed out that the new generation of artificial intelligence research and development applications should be strengthened, and "Internet +" should be promoted in many fields such as medical care, pension, education, culture and sports. Develop smart industries and expand smart life. Nowadays, artificial intelligence as a national strategy is being used as an infrastructure, gradually integrating with the industry, accelerating the optimization and upgrading of the economic structure, and having a profound impact on people's production and lifestyle.CVPR 2018 | Vision Technology Face++ proposes a discriminant feature network for semantic segmentation DFN Global Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2018) will be held on June 18th. Held in Salt Lake City, USA on the 22nd. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. Thesis link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1804.09337 Lead In a large number of computer vision applications, semantic segmentation is an indispensable underlying technology. Desperate Face++ recently published a paper CVPR 2018, "Learning a Discriminative Feature Network for Semantic Segmentation?", which proposes a discriminant feature network DFN, which effectively solves two basic problems of semantic segmentation, significantly improves its accuracy and can help machines. Eyes better understand complex images and scenes, and analyze static or dynamic human bodies and other objects to help promote the popularization of AI-driven industries such as autonomous driving, mobile phone imaging, medical imaging, unmanned retail, and logistics security. And development. Design Ideas The Discriminative Feature Network (DFN) proposed in this paper contains two sub-networks, Smooth Network and Border Network, which effectively solve the intra-class inconsistency and classes faced by most existing semantic segmentation methods. There is no difference in inter-class indistinction. Specifically, in order to deal with intra-class inconsistencies, the authors specifically designed the Smooth Attitude Block (CAB) and global average pooled Smooth Network to select more discriminative features; the Border Network relied on more Layer semantic boundary supervision distinguishes features on both sides of the boundary. Along with the recent development of convolutional neural networks represented by the Fully Convolutional Network (FCN), many work has achieved remarkable results. However, the characteristics of the above-mentioned network learning often have problems that are not discriminative and difficult to distinguish. The following are: 1) Image blocks with the same label but different appearances, which are called intra-class inconsistencies, as shown in the first line of Figure 1; Two adjacent image blocks have different labels but similar appearance, which is called no difference between classes, as shown in the second line of Figure 1. Figure 1: A tricky example of semantic segmentation. The second column is the output of the FCN model; the third column is the output of the method in this article. In the first line, the lower left corner of the cow in the picture is identified as a horse, which is an in-class inconsistency problem. In the second line, the blue and black chassis on the mainframe are similar to the display, so it is difficult to distinguish, which is a problem of no difference between classes. To address these two challenges, this article rethinks semantic segmentation from a more macro perspective as a task of assigning consistent semantic tags to a class of objects rather than to each single pixel. This requires looking at the pixels of each category as a whole, and at the same time taking into account intra-class consistency and inter-class variation. This means that the task needs to discriminate features, so this paper proposes a new discriminant feature network (DFN) to learn feature representation. The DFN has two components: the Smooth Network and the Border Network. Smooth Network is used to solve in-class inconsistencies and needs to learn a robust feature representation. For this reason, two key factors are considered in this paper. On the one hand, multi-scale and global context features are needed to encode local and global information. For example, due to the lack of sufficient context information, the small white image blocks in Figure 1(a) often fail to predict the correct category; on the other hand, with the introduction of multi-scale contexts, for objects of a certain scale, the features have Different degrees of discriminative power, some of which may predict false labels. Therefore, it is necessary to select an efficient discriminant feature. It is for these two reasons that the Smooth Network is presented as a U-shaped structure to capture context information of different scales and to capture the global context through global average pooling. In addition, the paper also proposes the Channel Attention Module (CAB), which uses high-level features to guide the selection of low-level features step by step. The Border Network is responsible for distinguishing adjacent image blocks that look similar but have different labels. Most existing methods treat semantic segmentation as a densely identified problem and cannot clearly model the relationships between classes. Taking Figure 1(d) as an example, if more and more global contexts are integrated into the classification process, the computer host adjacent to the display is easily misidentified as a display due to its similar appearance. Therefore, it is important to explicitly use semantic boundaries to guide the learning of features, which can enhance the changes on both sides of the feature. During training, the author integrated the semantic boundary loss into the Border Network to learn discriminant features and increase the differences between classes. Network Architecture The DFN network architecture begins with a detailed description of its two components, the Smooth Network and the Border Network. Next, it explains how the two implement intra-class consistency and inter-class differences. Finally, the DFN complete encoder-decoder network architecture is described. . Figure 2: Overview of the discriminant feature network. (a) Network architecture. (b) Optimize the components of the Regression Block (RRB). (c) Components of the Channel Attention Module (CAB). The red and blue lines characterize the upsampling and downsampling operators, respectively. The green line is only the information transfer path and does not change the size of the feature map. -- Most existing methods of Smooth Network cannot guarantee the correct prediction of the category of each image block, especially when the image block belongs to a large area and a complex scene; the main reason for this in-class inconsistency problem is the lack of context. This author proposes a global context with a global average pooling. However, the global context only has high context information and does not help to restore spatial information. Authors need multi-scale receptive fields and contexts to optimize spatial information, just like most existing methods. However, because different scales of receptive fields have different discriminative powers, resulting in inconsistent results, it is necessary to select more discriminative features to predict a uniform semantic label of a particular category. Specifically, this paper uses ResNet as the basic recognition model; according to the feature map size, the model can be divided into five phases. It has been observed that the recognition capabilities at different stages are different and the consistency performance is different. In the low-level stage, the network encodes more refined spatial information, but its semantic consistency is poor due to lack of spatial context guidance and receptive field. In the advanced stage, semantic consistency is better due to larger receptive field. , but the predicted spatial information is rough. Overall, the low-level stage has more accurate spatial predictions, while the advanced stage has more precise semantic predictions. Based on this observation, this paper proposes Smooth Network to integrate the advantages of both, and use the consistency of the advanced stage to guide the low-level stage to obtain the optimal prediction. Figure 3: Channel Attention Module Diagram. In (a), the yellow module characterizes the low-level phase and the red module characterizes the features of the advanced phase. The author combines the features of the adjacent stages to calculate the weight vector, thereby updating the weight of the low-level feature map. Darker modules characterize high weight values. (b) is the true attention value vector for the Phase 4 channel attention module. The deeper the blue, the greater the weight of the representation weight. The popular semantic splitting architecture has two main styles, one is Backbone, such as PSPNet and Deeplab v3; the other is Encoder-Decoder, such as RefineNet and Global Convolutional Network. However, the above architecture is not complete. For this reason, this paper first embeds a global average pooling layer to extend the U-shaped architecture to a V-shaped architecture, and introduces the strongest consistency constraint for the network as a guide. In addition, this paper proposes the channel attention module. Optimize consistency as shown in Figure 2(c). This design combines the features of adjacent stages to calculate the channel attention vector (Fig. 3(b)). The features of the advanced stage give a strong consistency guide, while the features of the low stage give different discriminant information of the features, so that the channel attention vector can select the discriminant features. Channel Attention Module: The CAB is designed to change the feature weights at each stage to optimize consistency, as shown in Figure 3. In the FCN architecture, the convolution operator outputs a score map giving the probability of each category on each pixel. Its practical significance is to imply that the weights of different channels are equal. However, as described above, the feature discriminating powers at different stages are different, resulting in different consistency of prediction. In order to achieve consistent prediction within the class, the discriminant features should be extracted and the non-discriminant features should be suppressed, so that the discriminant features can be obtained step by step to achieve intra-prediction consistency. Optimized residual module: The feature map of each stage in the feature network passes through the RRB, as shown in Figure 2(b). The first component of the module is a 1 x 1 convolutional layer, which the author uses to unify the number of channels to 512. At the same time, it can integrate information from all channels. This is followed by a basic residual module that optimizes the feature map. In addition, inspired by ResNet, the module also enhances the recognition capabilities of each stage. --Border Network In the semantic segmentation task, predictions often confuse different categories with similar appearance, especially when they are spatially similar, so it is necessary to increase the difference of features. For this reason, this paper uses semantic boundaries to guide feature learning, and applies explicit supervision to extract precise semantic boundaries, so that the network learns the characteristics of strong differences between classes, and then proposes the Border Network to increase the inter-class differences of features. The Border Network directly learns semantic boundaries through explicit semantic boundaries, similar to semantic boundary detection tasks. This makes the features on both sides of the semantic boundary distinguishable. The work of this paper requires semantic boundaries to have more semantic meaning. So the Border Network is designed from the bottom up. It can obtain accurate boundary information from the low-level stage and obtain semantic information from the advanced stage, thus eliminating some original boundaries that lack semantic information. Thus, the semantic information of the advanced stage can optimize the detail boundary information of the low-level stage step by step. With traditional image processing methods, such as Canny, authors can obtain network supervision signals from the semantically segmented groundtruth. The Border Network focuses on the semantic segmentation of categories on both sides of the separation boundary. To accurately extract semantic boundaries, the features on both sides need to be more distinguishable, and this is the purpose of the author. -- Network structure authors use pre-trained ResNet as the underlying network. Smooth Network adds the global average pooling layer at the top of the network for maximum consistency; then uses CAB to change the weight of the channel to further improve consistency. At the same time, the Border Network obtains precise semantic boundaries through explicit semantic boundary supervision and makes the features on both sides more distinguishable. As a result, intra-class features are more consistent, and inter-class features are more easily distinguishable. For explicit feature optimization, multiple layers of supervision are required for better performance, while the network is easier to train. Smooth Network supervises the upsampling output of each stage with softmax loss (except for the global average pooling layer), and this paper supervises the output of the Border Network with focal loss. The two sub-networks are jointly trained, and their loss controls the weight of both by a parameter. Experimental Results This paper evaluates this approach on two open source datasets, PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes. Data set introduction, implementation details analysis, etc. are omitted, this article will directly give the final evaluation results of DFN, please refer to the original paper for more. Table 5: Performance of the DFN on the PASCAL VOC 2012 test set. The method of pre-training on MS-COCO is marked with "+". Table 6: Performance of DFN on the Cityscapes test set. "-" indicates that the method did not show the results in published papers. Conclusion In conclusion, the contribution of this paper has four main aspects: - Rethinking semantic segmentation from a new macro perspective, as a way to assign consistent semantic tags to a class of objects (not just at the pixel level) ) the task. - Propose DFN to solve both intra-class consistency and inter-class differences. DFN achieved 86.2% and 80.3% of the current optimal mean IOU on the PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes data sets, respectively, confirming the effectiveness of the method. - Propose Smooth Network to improve intra-class consistency through global context and channel attention modules. - Propose a bottom-up Border Network that uses multi-layer boundary supervised signals to increase feature changes on both sides of the semantic boundary while optimizing the semantic boundaries of the prediction.Artificial intelligence presses "fast forward button" On October 31, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that the artificial intelligence is an important driving force for a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and accelerates the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence. It is a strategic issue concerning whether China can seize the new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. It is necessary to profoundly understand the great significance of accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence, strengthen leadership, plan well, clarify tasks, lay a solid foundation, promote its deep integration with economic and social development, and promote the healthy development of China's new generation of artificial intelligence. In recent years, China's artificial intelligence industry has developed rapidly, and a large number of leading scientific research achievements and global leading enterprises have emerged. At the 5th World Internet Conference held in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province, 15 ¡°World's Leading Scientific and Technological Achievements in the Internet¡± were released, and a number of domestic enterprises led by artificial intelligence research and development were selected. The "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" released by Tsinghua University shows that the development of artificial intelligence in China has entered the international leading group. However, the industry also pointed out that there are still practical problems such as relatively weak core technology fields and insufficient attention to artificial intelligence ethics and security regulations. Popularity is concerned about the fastest growth of heat. ¡°The feeling of sitting in an unmanned car is particularly cool!¡± Last weekend, 7-year-old Zhang Tianran¡¯s children and family rushed from Haixing Park in Beijing to Haidian Park. They waited for an hour and a half and finally got into the park. The "Apollon" unmanned passenger car. Zhang Tianran¡¯s mother said: ¡°It¡¯s safe to sit in an unmanned vehicle. As long as there is something in front, the car can stop immediately.¡± From November 1st, Beijing Haidian Park turned into an artificial intelligence park. Citizens can ¡°swipe face¡± on the smart track to check the movement, sing and chat with the voice assistant in the smart pavilion, practice Tai Chi through a screen equipped with augmented reality (AR) technology... The park has already served 100,000 visitors. People. In the unmanned vehicle waiting point, the reporter saw that 30 or 40 citizens were waiting in line, mostly with the elderly and children. "Apolon" is the country's first commercial-grade driverless electric vehicle. There is no steering wheel, brakes and throttle on the car, and the safety officer controls the vehicle through an electronic screen. Due to the limited capacity of unmanned vehicles, many people who have not experienced the experience are very sorry and have said that they will come again next time. "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" shows that from 2016 to 2017, artificial intelligence has soared, becoming the fastest growing science topic in the year. According to the survey, more than half of the respondents supported the full development of artificial intelligence, and only 6.23% of the respondents did not understand artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence products are not at the stage of early adopter experience, and many products have already entered thousands of households. For example, all kinds of smart speakers, only with a light call, the room lights, air conditioning, air purifier should be turned on. ¡°The essence of smart home is to continuously iteratively update and continuously provide a smarter and more intimate user experience. In the past, smart home products cost high and maintenance costs are high. We started from developing WiFi modules to solve the wireless connection problem of smart homes and let smart The iteration of home software upgrades has become possible, reducing the cost of use, allowing smart homes to enter the two-bedroom and one-bedroom of the hotel from the past hotel villas, and has been recognized by users.¡± Industry insiders pointed out that the grounding gas vertical field is everywhere. ¡°Headaches can¡¯t sleep, Which department is attached?¡± The reporter entered the physical condition on the WeChat public account ¡°Internet Hospital of the First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University¡±. After consulting the age, gender and other symptoms in detail on the public number, Dr. Li Jun recommended Dr. Li Jun to the journalist's outpatient clinic. "Xiao Jia doctor" is not a real person, but an artificial intelligence assistant. The patient can easily find the corresponding department under the guidance of ¡°Xiao Jia Doctor¡± by typing or voice-speaking symptoms. Behind the ¡°Doctor Xiao Jia¡± is the AI+ medical project that uses artificial intelligence technology in the medical field. At present, this intelligent guiding technology has covered the whole family of diseases, and the accuracy of the consultation is 98%. In addition to the consultation, Tencent Yingying also uses artificial intelligence technology to analyze medical images, and can watch 10 films in a second to help doctors screen for breast cancer, esophageal cancer, diabetic retinopathy and other diseases. In recent years, artificial intelligence is no longer the "high-precision" technology in the ivory tower. The "2018 World Blueprint for Artificial Intelligence Industry Development" shows that artificial intelligence has penetrated into vertical fields such as medical, financial, commercial, educational, security, and even applications. In manufacturing and agricultural production. In the streets and lanes, artificial intelligence can act as a patrolman to monitor and report sudden safety incidents in real time; in the field, artificial intelligence becomes a technician to help monitor and analyze soil moisture, temperature, light, pH, and achieve precise fertilization; In the factory technical workshop, artificial intelligence became a quality inspector, and the non-conforming products on the assembly line were continuously selected and filtered. In Shenzhen, relying on artificial intelligence, big data and other technologies of the "urban traffic brain" to make traffic more smooth. Shenzhen Traffic Police established a real-time monitoring system for all signalized intersections in the city, and formulated precise traffic signal management and control modes; using artificial intelligence technology to identify illegal pictures, the recognition accuracy rate was over 95%, and the efficiency was increased by 10 times. In 2017, the road traffic accident rate in Shenzhen and the road traffic congestion index in the city declined, and the urban traffic civilization index increased significantly. "In the purely technical field, the United States is in a dominant position in basic theories, innovative algorithms and chips, but China has its own advantages in industrialization structure, data level, policy support, and infrastructure transformation." The world's leading November 7th, the 5th World Internet Conference released 15 "World's leading Internet technology achievements." These results have been selected from more than 400 results in more than 20 countries around the world, demonstrating the latest technology in the global Internet arena. Among them, 360 security brain-distributed intelligent network security defense system, Jingdong intelligent supply chain technology service platform, Baidu Apollo automatic driving open platform, Xiaomi's artificial intelligence open platform for smart home... many domestic enterprise-led artificial intelligence research and development results Selected. "To make breakthroughs in artificial intelligence research, on the one hand, we must have high-tech talents who have researched and can integrate the cutting-edge algorithms. On the other hand, we must be able to combine algorithms with real-world industries, which requires a large amount of data as support and business. A deep understanding of the scene and vertical industry," said Li Jiwei, Ph.D., Ph.D., Department of Computer Science, Stanford University. According to China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018, the number of Chinese artificial intelligence papers and high-frequency citations is the highest in the world, the number of artificial intelligence patents is the largest in the world, and the total number of artificial intelligence talents ranks second in the world. At the same time, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in China ranks second in the world, and it has become the largest country in the world for artificial intelligence investment and financing. In 2017, the State Council issued the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± and established the ¡°three-step¡± strategy for the development of artificial intelligence. Local governments have also introduced corresponding policies to promote the development of artificial intelligence. On September 17 this year, during the World Artificial Intelligence Conference, Shanghai issued the ¡°Implementation Measures for Accelerating the High-quality Development of Artificial Intelligence¡±, and proposed 22 articles on five aspects: gathering high-end talents, breaking through core technologies, and promoting demonstration applications. Specific measures to promote the development of artificial intelligence. Industry insiders pointed out that although China's artificial intelligence development has entered the international leading group, there are still problems such as weak core technology fields, shortcomings in the combination of production and research, and insufficient attention to artificial intelligence ethics and safety regulation. "Developing artificial intelligence should pay attention to prevent legal and ethical risks. The legislation of artificial intelligence should focus on network security and user rights, and promote the development and standardization of artificial intelligence, and implement the main responsibility of the platform and the legal bottom line. Artificial intelligence Legislation can be separately legislated or classified into legislation. For example, there are special laws for unmanned driving and smart home. It can also be stipulated by covering legislation and reclassified.¡± Relevant experts artificial intelligence industry background and development trend AI, full name is Artificial Intelligence, the meaning of artificial intelligence. It is a new technical science that studies and develops theories, methods, techniques, and application systems for simulating, extending, and extending human intelligence. Since the birth of artificial intelligence, the theory and technology have become more and more mature, and the application field has been expanding. It is conceivable that the technological products brought by artificial intelligence in the future will be the "container" of human wisdom. Artificial intelligence is a challenging science, and people who do this work must understand computer knowledge, psychology, and philosophy. Artificial intelligence is a very broad science that consists of different fields, such as machine learning, computer vision, etc. In general, one of the main goals of artificial intelligence research is to make machines capable of doing what is usually required by human intelligence. Complex work. The development of AI In 1950, a senior student named Marvin Minsky ("Father of Artificial Intelligence") and his classmate Dunn Edmund built the world's first neural network. computer. Also in 1950, Alan Turing, known as the "father of computers," presented a world-famous idea - the Turing test. According to Turing's vision: If a machine can talk to humans and cannot be identified as a machine, then the machine is intelligent. And just this year, Turing also boldly predicted the feasibility of truly intelligent machines. Time has jumped to the 70s, and artificial intelligence has entered a period of hardships and obstacles. For the research of artificial intelligence, the researchers have underestimated the difficulty and lack of funds. As a result, the cooperation plan with the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency failed, and the pressure of public opinion began to slowly press on the artificial intelligence side, resulting in many research funding. It has been transferred to other projects, which also makes everyone worry about the future of artificial intelligence. The artificial intelligence industry is facing decline, but technology will not stop developing due to external factors. Until the early 1980s, the artificial intelligence industry began to rise. Today, in the development process of artificial intelligence nearly 70 years, scientific and technical personnel continue to break through the obstacles. Let us see the brilliant achievements of artificial intelligence today, 2016 Google AlphaGO defeated South Korea Li Shizhen. This is also a landmark symbol of artificial intelligence over humanity. The current situation of the artificial intelligence industry The current development of the artificial intelligence industry is mainly due to the introduction of deep learning algorithms, and the realization of large-scale calculations based on the amount of data and computing power is a technical breakthrough. Belonging to super artificial intelligence, there is still room for further breakthroughs in basic theoretical research on the origin of consciousness and the mechanism of human brain. At present, the five giants such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook have all invested more and more resources to seize the artificial intelligence market, and even transform themselves into artificial intelligence-driven companies. The domestic Internet leader "BAT" also regards artificial intelligence as a key strategy, and actively lays out the field of artificial intelligence by virtue of its own advantages. Today's artificial intelligence industry in China has a wide range of development areas, with the largest number of startups in the field of computer vision, followed by the field of service robots, and the third in the field of speech and natural language processing, smart medical, machine learning, smart driving, etc. It is also one of the more popular areas. Computer vision technology is one of the important core technologies of artificial intelligence. It can be applied to security, finance, hardware, marketing, driving, medical and other fields. At present, China's computer vision technology has reached the global leading level, and extensive commercial channels and technologies. The foundation is the main reason for its becoming the hottest area. The artificial intelligence industry chain can be divided into infrastructure layer, application technology layer and industry application layer. Base layer: mainly basic data providers, semiconductor chip suppliers, sensor suppliers and cloud service providers; technology layer: mainly voice recognition, natural language processing, computer vision, deep learning technology provider; application layer: mainly Artificial intelligence-related technologies are integrated into their own products and services, and then cut into specific scenarios. At present, the fields of autonomous driving, medical care, security, finance, marketing, etc. are generally more optimistic about the direction of the industry. Future Trends of Artificial Intelligence Artificial intelligence is a simulation of the information process of human consciousness and thinking. Artificial intelligence is not human intelligence, but it can be like human thinking, and it may exceed human intelligence. A robot is a form of artificial intelligence, an automatic machine that mimics certain activities of a person. Generally, actions such as walking and operating production tools can be realized, and it is possible to replace people's work in an environment that people cannot adapt. Modern robots are equipped with electronic computers. Through programming procedures, they can have a certain degree of artificial intelligence, such as recognizing languages ??and images, and making appropriate responses. Past technological advances have primarily focused on improving the ability to perform assigned tasks. Today's artificial intelligence gives machines the ability to react and adapt to optimize output. Through the combination of technologies such as the Internet of Things and robots, artificial intelligence can construct an integrated world of information physics. Today's artificial intelligence is gaining momentum, and it is expected to be widely used in many industries and scenarios around the world. In particular, we will see a lot of human work being replaced by machines. Of course, technical feasibility is only one factor that affects the speed and extent of automation. There are other factors to consider, including R&D and application costs, labor market supply and demand, economic benefits, and acceptance by social and government regulators. Looking ahead, artificial intelligence can be a powerful tool for addressing some of the core challenges of society. In the medical field, artificial intelligence will greatly enhance our ability to analyze the human genome and develop personalized treatment options for patients, and even greatly accelerate the process of curing cancer, Alzheimer's disease and other diseases. In the field of environmental protection, artificial intelligence can analyze climate characteristics and reduce energy consumption on a large scale, helping humans to better monitor and respond to climate change issues. Artificial intelligence can even function outside the Earth, and he can help humans explore Mars and outer space.CVPR 2018 | Born to Mobile AI - The Latest Achievements in Face++ ShuffleNet Comprehensive Interpretation Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) play a vital role in visual artificial intelligence systems. Recently, the Face++ Institute published "ShuffleNet: an extremely efficient mobile convolutional neural network" article. The author proposed a more efficient convolution model structure for mobile low-power devices. Significantly reduce the computational complexity of the model while still maintaining a high recognition accuracy, and significantly exceeds the same method in multiple performance indicators. This article will explain the results in detail. The paper download address: https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.01083 Design Thought Convolutional neural network is the core component of modern visual artificial intelligence system. In recent years, research on convolution models has emerged in an endless stream, resulting in high-performance network structures such as VGG, ResNet, Xception, and ResNeXt, surpassing human levels in multiple visual tasks. However, these successful models are often accompanied by huge computational complexity (billions of floating point operations, and even more). This limits the ability of such models to be used only for high-performance server clusters, and for many mobile applications (usually allowing up to millions to tens of millions of floating-point operations). One way to solve this problem is to design a more lightweight model structure. The vast majority of computational complexity of modern convolutional neural networks is concentrated on convolution operations, so efficient convolutional layer design is the key to reducing network complexity. Among them, sparse connection is an effective way to improve the efficiency of convolution. Many excellent convolution models have followed this idea. For example, Google's "Xception" network [1] introduced the concept of "deep separable convolution", which splits ordinary convolution operations into depthwise convolution and pointwise convolution. The Department has effectively reduced the amount of calculations and parameters; Facebook's "ResNeXt" network [2] first uses point-by-point convolution to reduce the number of channels of input features, and then uses less computational packet convolution (group convolution) The structure replaces the original convolution operation, which also reduces the overall computational complexity. The ShuffleNet network architecture also follows the design philosophy of sparse connections. By analyzing the Xception and ResNeXt models, the author finds that the computational complexity of these two structures is reduced by the convolution kernel. However, the computational complexity of the point-by-point convolution is quite considerable. A new bottleneck. For example, the point-by-point convolution of the ResNeXt model occupies 93.4% of the computational complexity. It can be seen that in order to further increase the speed of the model, it is necessary to seek a more efficient structure to replace point-by-point convolution. Inspired by ResNeXt, the authors propose to use group pointwise convolution instead of the original structure. By limiting the input of the convolution operation to each group, the amount of computation of the model has dropped significantly. However, this also brings obvious problems: in multi-layer point-by-point convolution stacking, the information flow of the model is divided into groups, and there is no information exchange between groups (as shown in Figure 1(a)). . This will affect the presentation ability and recognition accuracy of the model. Figure 1 Point-by-point convolution and channel reordering operations Therefore, while using packet point-by-point convolution, it is necessary to introduce a mechanism for information exchange between groups. That is to say, for the second layer of convolution, each convolution kernel needs to receive the characteristics of each group as input at the same time, as shown in Figure 1(b). The authors point out that this mechanism can be easily implemented by introducing "channel shuffle" (see Figure 1(c)); and because the channel rearrangement operation is tunable, it can be embedded in the network structure. Learning to the end. The network structure is based on packet point-by-point convolution and channel reordering operations. The authors propose a new ShuffleNet structural unit, as shown in Figure 2. This structure inherits the design philosophy of ResNet [3], and based on this, a series of improvements have been made to improve the efficiency of the model: First, replace the original 3x3 convolution with channel-by-channel convolution. Reduce the complexity of the extraction space feature of the convolution operation, as shown in Figure 2 (a); then, the first two 1x1 point-by-point volume integration in the original structure, and add channel reordering operation between the two layers, further Reduce the amount of cross-channel computation of convolution operations. The final structural unit is shown in Figure 2(b). Similarly, another structural unit (Fig. 2(c)) is proposed in this paper, which is specifically used for downsampling of feature maps. With the ShuffleNet building block, the author built a complete ShuffeNet network model. It is mainly composed of 16 ShuffleNet structural units, which are divided into three phases of the network. The space size of the feature map is halved and the number of channels is doubled. The total calculation for the entire model is approximately 140 MFLOPs. By simply scaling the number of channels in each layer, you can get other models of arbitrary complexity. In addition, it can be found that the more the number of packets in the convolution operation, the lower the calculation amount of the model; this means that when the total calculation amount is constant, the larger number of packets can allow more channels, which the author believes will It helps the network to encode more information and enhance the recognition ability of the model. Figure 2 ShuffleNet Structural Unit Experiment Results The authors illustrate the need for each component of the ShuffleNet building block and its superiority to other network building blocks through a series of control experiments on the ImageNet 2016 classification data set. The author then demonstrates the generalization capabilities of the model through the results of the MS COCO target detection. Finally, the authors give the acceleration of ShuffleNet's actual operation on the ARM computing platform. Packetized point-by-point convolution authors for the ShuffleNet model with computational complexity of 140 MFLOPs, 40 MFLOPs, and 13 MFLOPs, while controlling the complexity of the model, comparing the number of grouped point-by-point convolutions at 1 to 8 for performance Impact. As can be seen from Table 1, the network with packets (g>1) always has a lower error rate than the network without packets (g=1). The authors observe that for smaller networks (such as ShuffleNet 0.25x), larger packets will give better results, and that wider channels are especially important for small networks. Inspired by this, the author removed the two structural units of the third phase of the network, and the network performance was further improved after the amount of computation saved was used to increase the network width. Table 1 Effect of group number on classification error rate The purpose of channel rearrangement channel rearrangement is to enable inter-group information to communicate with each other. In the experiment, the network with channel rearrangement is always better than the network without channel rearrangement, and the error rate is reduced by 0.9%~4.0%. Especially when the number of groups is large (such as g=8), the former is far superior to the latter. Using the same overall network layout as the other structural unit authors, the ShuffleNet structural unit was replaced with the structural elements in VGG-like, ResNet, Xception-like, and ResNeXt while maintaining computational complexity, using exactly the same training method. The results in Table 2 show that ShuffleNet is always superior to other networks at different computational complexity. Table 2 Comparison of classification error rates with other network structures (percentile) vs. MobileNets and other network structures Recently, Howard et al. proposed MobileNets [4], using the channel-by-channel convolution design [1] for efficient networks on mobile devices. structure. Although ShuffleNet is designed for models smaller than 150 MFLOPs, it is still superior to MobileNet in increasing the 500~600 MFLOPs to MobileNet. At 40 MFLOPs, ShuffleNet is 6.7% lower than the MobileNet error rate. Detailed results can be obtained from Table 3. Table 3 ShuffleNet vs. MobileNet Compared to some other network structures, ShuffleNet also shows great advantages. As can be seen from Table 4, ShuffleNet 0.5x achieves AlexNet performance with only 40 MFLOPs, while AlexNet has a computational complexity of 720 MFLOPs, which is 18 times that of ShuffleNet. Table 4 Comparison of computational complexity of ShuffleNet and other network structures MS COCO object detection Under the framework of Faster-RCNN[5], compared with 1.0 MobileNet-224 network complexity ShuffleNet 2x, the mAP on the 600 resolution map reaches 24.5 %, while MobileNet is 19.8%, indicating that the network is well generalized in detection tasks. Actual running speed The author finally tested the actual running speed of the network on an ARM platform. In the author's implementation, 40 MFLOPs' ShuffleNet compares to the similar precision of AlexNet, which is about 13x faster. The 224 x 224 input takes only 15.2 milliseconds to complete a reasoning, and it takes only 260.1 milliseconds at 1280 x 720 input. Applications Many important computer vision tasks that require semantic information, such as target detection, object recognition, etc., require a good "base model" as a feature extractor. As mobile devices become more important today, the more visual algorithm models that run on them, the higher the accuracy requirements will be. Regardless of target detection and recognition, face detection and recognition, or image stylization editing, beauty, or live user behavior analysis, the support of the basic model is indispensable. A good foundation model can make a model that cannot run efficiently on a mobile phone because the original computing power demand is too large to run efficiently, making many impossible possibilities possible. In addition, other commonly used model compression techniques, such as sparseization and network quantification, can also be applied to ShuffleNet to improve storage efficiency and speed, further reducing the threshold for visual algorithms and applications.CVPR 2018 | Vision Technology Face++ proposes RepLoss to optimize dense occlusion problems CVPR 2018 (Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, IEEE International Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference) will be held from June 18th to 22nd Held in Salt Lake City, USA. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. Link to the paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.07752 Lead crowd detection is a key link that cannot be bypassed by the development of computer vision technology. The problem of crowd occlusion is one of the most challenging problems. Desperate Technology Face++ proposes a new crowd detection and location model Repulsion Loss (RepLoss) from the bottom of the technology, which solves this problem to a considerable extent. The application scope of the underlying technological innovation is extremely wide, which means that most of the product applications related to crowd detection can be improved to different degrees, fundamentally promoting security monitoring, automatic driving, unmanned retail, and the development and development of smart cities. . In addition, the detection target of the population positioning technology RepLoss is not limited to humans, but can also be generalized to general object detection. The underlying innovation driving force has a wide range, which helps the eyes of the machine to create a person, thing, word and car. The detection matrix will further see and understand the world. RepLoss design thinking to detect pedestrians in the crowd is still a challenging problem, because in real-life scenes, pedestrians often gather in groups and occlude each other. In general, object occlusion problems can be divided into two types: intra-class occlusion and inter-class occlusion. Inter-class occlusion arises from similar objects that are piled up, also known as crowd occlusion. In pedestrian detection, dense occlusion is the largest of all occlusion problems, seriously affecting the performance of pedestrian detectors. The main impact of dense occlusion is the significant increase in the difficulty of pedestrian positioning. For example, when the target pedestrian T is blocked by pedestrian B, the detector may not be able to locate because of the similar appearance characteristics of the two. Therefore, the bounding box of T should be framed to be bound to B, resulting in inaccurate positioning. To make matters worse, since the non-maximum suppression (NMS) needs to further process the main detection results, the bounding box removed from T may be suppressed by the prediction frame of B, which may cause T miss detection. That is, crowd occlusion makes the detector sensitive to NMS thresholds: higher thresholds lead to more false positives, and lower thresholds cause more missed detection. This will invalidate most instance partitioning frameworks because they also require accurate detection results. Therefore, how to accurately locate each pedestrian in the crowd is one of the most critical issues for detectors. Figure 1: RepLoss icon. In the current optimal detection framework, bounding box regression techniques are often used to locate objects, where the regressions are trained to narrow the gap between the proposal and the groundtruth box (measured by some distance metrics such as Smooth_L1 or IoU). However, existing methods only require the proposal to be close to its intended target, regardless of the surrounding objects. As shown in Figure 1, in the standard bounding box regression loss, there is no additional penalty for the prediction frame when it moves to the surrounding object. This inevitably envisions: If you want to detect a target among the people, should you consider the positioning of the surrounding objects? Inspired by the mutual attraction of magnetic poles, this paper proposes a new positioning technology called Repulsion Loss (RepLoss), through which each proposal will not only be close to its specified target T, but also away from other groundtruth objects and specified targets. Not other proposal of T. As shown in Figure 1, the red bounding box moving to B will be subject to additional penalties due to overlap with surrounding non-target objects. Therefore, RepLoss can effectively prevent the prediction bounding box from moving to adjacent overlapping objects, improving the robustness of the detector in the crowd scene. Impact of dense occlusion This section will explore how the current optimal pedestrian detector is affected by the crowd occlusion and gain a deeper understanding of the dense occlusion problem. Dense occlusion mainly causes two problems, missed detection and false detection. The following two explanations are respectively explained. The baseline detector is the Faster R-CNN optimized for pedestrian detection and uses the new pedestrian detection data set. CityPersons?. Figure 3: Error detection analysis of baseline and RepGT. Figure 3(a) is the number of missed detections on the reasonable-crowd subset for different detection scores, and the red line indicates the number of groundtruth pedestrians missed by the baseline. In real-world applications, only the prediction bounding box with high confidence is considered. The high leakage check at the left end of the curve means that it is far from the actual application. Figure 3(b) shows the proportion of false detections caused by dense occlusions to all false detections. The red line indicates that the baseline ratio is about 20%. As shown in the red and blue lines in Figure 3, the RepGT loss effectively reduces the number of missed and misdetected by dense occlusion. Figure 4: Visualization example of error detection. The red box indicates a false detection caused by dense occlusion. As shown in Figure 4, the green box is the correct prediction bounding box, while the red box is a false detection caused by dense occlusion and gives the confidence value of the detector. If the prediction frame moves slightly or significantly to an adjacent non-target groundtruth object (such as the upper right image), or frames several overlapping parts of the occlusion object (such as the lower right image), a detection error often occurs. In addition, detection errors caused by dense occlusion often have a high degree of confidence, resulting in high ranking misdetections. This suggests that in order to improve the robustness of the detector in dense scenes, there is a need for more discriminative losses in performing bounding box regression. Here's another visual example: Figure 9: Baseline vs. RepLoss. The blue box indicates a false check and the red box indicates a missed check. The first line of the upper and lower parts of the gray dotted line is the predicted result of the baseline; the second line is the predicted result after adding RepLoss. Analysis of the error detection shows that the impact of dense occlusion on the pedestrian detector is surprising, not only the main source of missed detection, but also increases the difficulty of positioning while causing more false detections. In order to solve the above problems and improve the robustness of the pedestrian detector in dense scenes, RepLoss was proposed. RepLoss Calculation Methods This section will detail how to calculate RepLoss. Inspired by the magnet properties, RepLoss consists of 3 components, denoted as: ?? where L_Attr is the attracting item, and the prediction box needs to be close to its specified target; L_RepGT and L_RepBox are exclusive items, respectively, need to predict the box away from other groundtruth objects and other Specify a forecast box with a different target. The coefficients ¦Á and ¦Â act as weights to balance the auxiliary losses. For the sake of simplicity, only two types of tests are considered below, assuming all groundtruth objects belong to the same category. Let P = (l_P, t_P, w_P, h_P)? and G = (l_G, t_G, w_G, h_G)? be the proposal bounding box and the groundtruth bounding box, respectively, and be represented by their upper left point coordinates and their height and width. . P_+ = {P}? is a collection of all positive proposals (those with a high IoU and at least one groundtruth box are considered positive samples, and vice versa); G = {G}? is a groudtruth box in a picture Collection. -- Attracting items This article uses Smooth_L1 to construct an attraction. Given a proposal P ¡Ê P_+, the groundtruth box with the maximum value IoU is taken as its specified target: G^P_Attr = arg max_G¡ÊG IoU(G,P). B^P is the prediction box that returns from proposal P. The resulting loss can be calculated as: ?--Rejection (RepGT) RepGT loss is intended to cause the proposal to be rejected by adjacent non-target groundtruth objects. Given a proposal P ¡Ê P_+, its repelling groundtruth object is defined as a groundtruth object with the largest IoU region in addition to its specified target. Inspired by IoU loss, the RepGT loss is calculated to penalize the overlap between B^P and G^P_Rep (defined by IoG). IoG(B, G) ¡Ê [0, 1]?, so that the RepGT loss can be written as: ?? Smooth_ln? is a smooth ln function in the interval (0, 1)? continuous and differentiable, ¦Ò ¡Ê [0, 1) is a smoothing parameter that adjusts the sensitivity of RepLoss to outliers. It can be seen that the more prosorous the object overlaps with the non-target groundtruth object, the greater the penalty for the RepGT loss to the bounding box regressor, thus effectively preventing the bounding box from moving to the adjacent non-target object. -- RepBox NMS is an indispensable post-processing step in most detection frameworks. To reduce the sensitivity of the detector to NMS, the authors then propose a RepBox loss, intended to exclude proposals from different specified targets. The RepBox loss can be calculated as: ? As can be seen from the above equation, in order to minimize the RepBox loss, the IoU area between the two prediction frames with different target requirements needs to be smaller. This means that RepBox loss can reduce the probability that the bounding boxes of different regression targets will merge into one after NMS, making the detector more robust in dense scenes. RepLoss Experimental Results This section will directly present the results of RepLoss' evaluations on the datasets CityPersons and Caltech-USA?, including the evaluation and analysis of RepGT losses and RepBox losses on CityPersons, respectively; RepLoss and current currents on CityPersons and Caltech-USA The superior method is relatively comparable. The experimental setup and implementation details are omitted. For more information, please refer to the original paper. Table 3: RepLoss pedestrian test results evaluated on CityPersons. The model is trained on the training set and tested on the validation set. ResNet-50? is the backbone. The best 3 results are marked as red, blue, and green. Table 4: Calech-USA test set (reasonable) results evaluated in the new note. At the 0.5 IoU threshold, the authors further advanced the current optimality to a significant 4.0 MR^?2 on a strong baseline. When the IoU threshold is increased to 0.75, the continuous rise proves the validity of RepLoss. Figure 7: Visualization comparison of the prediction box before the NMS of the baseline and RepBox. There are fewer predictions between two adjacent groundtruth in the RepBox result, and the distribution of the bounding box of the model output is more clear. Figure 10: More CityPersons dataset detection instances (slide left and right to see more). The green box is the predicted pedestrian with a score ([0, 1.0])? greater than 0.8. Conclusion RepLoss is designed for pedestrian detection, especially for the detection performance of dense scenes. The main idea is that the attraction loss of the target object is not enough to train the optimal detector. The loss of repulsive damage from surrounding objects is also crucial. In order to fully exploit the potential of rejection, this paper proposes RepGT and RepBox, and has achieved the current optimal level in the popular datasets CityPersons and Caltech-USA. In particular, the results herein are superior to the previous best results using pixel annotations of approximately 2% without pixel annotation. The comparison of detailed experimental results confirms the value of RepLoss in greatly improving the detection accuracy in occlusion scenarios, and the general object detection (PASCAL VOC)? results further demonstrate its effectiveness. The author hopes that RepLoss will be more widely used in many other object detection tasks.Artificial intelligence is led to change and the traditional industrial technology upgrade is expected to become a hurdle? The Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trend of artificial intelligence development on October 31. The meeting emphasized that artificial intelligence has a strong "head geese" effect. Promoting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence has become the key to winning the initiative of science and technology competition. The development of this undertaking is not only related to economic, social, and international political and economic patterns, but also an important thrust for China's scientific and technological development, industrial upgrading, and productivity improvement. Artificial intelligence has become a strategic technology that leads a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation. Artificial intelligence has been given the lead to change. The conference proposed that artificial intelligence has multi-disciplinary and highly complex features. Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the research of basic theories and support scientists to brave the "no-man's land"; focus on key core technologies and establish problem-oriented consciousness. Grasp the shortcomings; strengthen the application of science and technology, adhere to the demand-oriented, market-driven technological development path; promote the construction of talent teams, and create a multi-form, high-level talent training platform. The integration of artificial intelligence and industry is the general trend. The meeting proposed to build a modern economic system, requiring artificial intelligence to play a fusion effect in various fields, relying on "mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, brain science, etc." to form resonance, improve total factor productivity; cultivate artificial intelligence enterprises And the industry's "leaders", to play its technical endowments in industrial upgrading, product development, service innovation, etc.; empower the construction of information infrastructure to improve its level of intelligence. From the government work report at the beginning of the year to the information consumption planning in the middle of the year, and then to the global artificial intelligence held in Shanghai in September, and now the collective learning of the Central Political Bureau, artificial intelligence has always been an important direction for all policy direct operations, showing national leadership. The layer attaches great importance to the influence of artificial intelligence on the Chinese economy and the overall people's livelihood. Therefore, in the future, artificial intelligence is expected to help the country achieve various plans such as comprehensive industrial upgrading, supply-side reform, and industrial added value. China's AI scale grows first. At present, governments in various countries have intensively released artificial intelligence strategies, and technology giants have also raised their codes. Following China's release of the "New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" in July 2017, countries around the world have been following up intensively since 2018. In March, France announced the development strategy of artificial intelligence, and proposed to invest 1.5 billion euros by 2022, April. The United Kingdom released the "British Artificial Intelligence Development Plan, Capabilities and Aspirations". The EU submitted the "EU Artificial Intelligence" report and proposed three major goals. In July, the German government adopted the "Artificial Intelligence Strategic Plan" to create an artificial intelligence powerhouse, September USA. The House of Representatives issued the AI ??White Paper "The Rise of Machines: Artificial Intelligence and the Growing Impact on US Policy." According to statistics from the Prospective Industry Research Institute's "Prospective Market Analysis and Investment Strategy Planning Analysis Report", the scale of China's artificial intelligence market reached only 5 billion yuan in 2014. By 2016, the scale of China's artificial intelligence market exceeded 10 billion yuan. , reached 10.06 billion yuan. After 2017, the scale of China's artificial intelligence market exceeds 15 billion yuan. It is estimated that the scale of China's artificial intelligence market will exceed 23 billion yuan in 2018, the fastest growth rate in the world, and it is expected to surpass the United States in 2025. Is the upgrading of traditional industrial technology expected to become a hurdle? With the accelerated transition of the mobile Internet era to the new era of artificial intelligence, AI will accelerate its empowerment and bring opportunities and development potential to various traditional industries such as medical, financial, security, education, transportation, and logistics. Among the six major industries in which the development of artificial intelligence technology will face changes, the transportation industry has emerged as a very important part, and it is widely believed that it will be the first to revolutionize the AI ??technology. AI+ medical care is also the key direction for artificial intelligence technology to achieve the application of landing. The empowerment of big data and artificial intelligence in the medical industry is manifested in many aspects, such as assisting doctors in decision-making and improving the efficiency of patient visits. At present, the maturity of artificial intelligence has been significantly improved. All walks of life are actively promoting the application of ¡°AI+¡±. AI technology and applications are rapidly making breakthroughs. Traditional industrial technology upgrades are expected to become breakthroughs, such as machine vision, speech recognition, Application scenarios such as automatic driving and data mining. At the same time, AI technology has broad prospects for the integration and development of agriculture, manufacturing, and service industries, and will become a breakthrough for artificial intelligence.CVPR 2018 | Vision Technology Human Body Attitude Estimation Champion Paper - Cascading Pyramid Network CPN Global Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2018) (Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition) will be held on June 18th It was held in Salt Lake City, USA on the 22nd. As a diamond sponsor of the conference, the Vision Technology Research Institute will also attend the event under the leadership of Dr. Sun Jian. ?? Paper link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.07319GitHub: https://github.com/chenyilun95/tf-cpn.git lead human pose estimation is one of the basic research directions in the field of computer vision, multiplayer Multi-Person Estimation is a classic problem in this direction; when the traditional algorithm encounters a bottleneck, although the re-emergence and rapid iteration of the convolutional neural network brings new tools to solve this problem, many people Attitude estimation still faces some "hard bones" that do not move. To this end, Vision Technology has proposed the Cascaded Pyramid Network (CPN) to optimize problems that are difficult to identify at key points, and the results have proved to be very effective. This technological breakthrough of CPN will promote the development of related applications in human body posture estimation, such as game animation, security (abnormal behavior detection, etc.), sports (referee assistance, etc.), and automatic driving. Design Ideas Multi-person pose estimation is aimed at identifying and locating key points of all human bodies in an image. This is a basic research topic for many visual applications such as human motion recognition and human-computer interaction. Recently, due to the rapid development of deep neural networks, multi-person pose estimation has been significantly improved. For example, Mask R-CNN first predicts the human bounding box, and then compresses the feature map to obtain key points of the human body. Despite the continuous results, the challenges have not been reduced. For example, it is difficult to achieve positioning when key points overlap, key points are invisible, and the background is crowded. There are two main reasons for this: 1) The above ¡°difficult¡± points cannot be It is simply identified according to its appearance characteristics, such as the torso point; 2) The above "difficult" points are not explicitly dealt with during training. To this end, this paper proposes a new network architecture - Cascaded Pyramid Network (CPN), which is divided into two phases: GlobalNet and RefineNet. GlobalNet learns a good feature representation based on a feature pyramid network. Moreover, pyramid characterization can provide sufficient contextual information, which is essential for inferring occlusion and invisible key points. Based on the characteristics of the pyramid, RefineNet explicitly handles the "difficult" points. This is a top-down pipeline, which first detects the people in the image through the detector, then pulls each person out and makes a single-person pose estimation, and finally integrates the results into the original image. The idea of ??CPN's two-stage architecture design is actually not complicated. It can even be said to be quite simple and intuitive. It comes from how people recognize the key points of the human body. That is, the feature pyramid network GlobalNet first recognizes the simple key points, and then (by means of online The hardkey integration of Refine key integrates the characterization from the former to identify the remaining difficult points. From easy to difficult, the layers advance, and finally overcome the problems that are difficult to identify at key points. In addition, this paper explores the effects of different factors (human body detectors and data preprocessing) on ??multi-person pose estimation. For example, it is found through experiments that the detection mean (Detection mAP) has a limited influence on the key point average accuracy (Keypoint mAP) after reaching a certain threshold (Det mAP41.1). Another example is the use of Large Batch, which can increase the CAP's mAP by 0.4-0.7 percentage points, which means that in addition to object detection, Large batch is also suitable for key point identification. These details are very valuable for studying how to further improve the accuracy and robustness of CPN. The network architecture is similar to Mask R-CNN. The CPN pipeline is also top-down: first, a set of bounding boxes is generated from the image through the human body detector; then the single-point key estimator is used to predict the detailed positioning of each person's key points. The FPN-based current optimal object detector is used as a human body detector, and Mask R-CNN ROIAlign? is used instead of FPN ROIPooling. Inspired by networks such as Stacked hourglass?, this paper proposes CPN, and its architecture is shown in Figure 1. Figure 1: Cascading Pyramid Network (CPN). L2 loss*? indicates L2 loss with key points for online difficulty mining. -- The network architecture of GlobalNetCPN is based on ResNet. The last residual blocks of different convolutional features conv2?5 are denoted as C_2, C_3, ..., C_5, respectively, and a 3 ¡Á 3? convolution filter is applied thereon to generate a thermogram of the key points. As shown in Figure 2, shallow features such as C_2 and C_3 have higher spatial resolution in positioning, but less semantic information on recognition. On the other hand, due to convolution (and pooling), deep feature layers such as C_4 and C_5 have more semantic information, but the spatial resolution is lower. Therefore, a U-shaped structure is often introduced while preserving the spatial resolution and semantic information of the feature layer. Figure 2: Output heat map for different features. The green dot indicates the groundtruth position of the key point. Recently, FPN further improved the U-shaped structure through deep monitoring information. The key point estimation in this paper applies a similar feature pyramid structure. Slightly different from FPN, during the upsampling process, the author used a 1 ¡Á 1? convolution kernel before adding pixels by pixel, and this structure is GlobalNet. As shown in Figure 2, based on ResNet backbone, GlobalNet can effectively locate simple visible key points (such as eyes), but can not accurately locate difficult hidden keys (hips). Positioning such key points as the hip usually requires more contextual information and processing than adjacent appearance features. In many cases, a single GlobalNet cannot directly identify these ¡°difficult¡± points. --RefineNetGlobalNet generates feature pyramid representations to identify "easy" points, and RefineNet? explicitly handles "difficult" key points. To improve the efficiency of information transmission and ensure information integrity, RefineNet transmits information between different layers and integrates this information through upsampling and connection like HyperNet? Unlike the optimized strategy of Stacked hourglass?, RefineNet receives feature information from all pyramid layers, rather than just passing the last upsampling feature between hourglass modules. In addition, more bottleneck modules are used to handle deeper features, and smaller spatial scales provide a good trade-off between efficiency and performance. As the training progresses, the network will tend to focus on the more "simple" points, which are less important than the "difficult" points, such as occlusion, so the network should pay attention to the balance between the two. To this end, RefineNet explicitly selects difficult key points (called online difficult key point mining / OHKM) online based on training losses and only propagates the gradient back from the selected key points. Experiments The entire CPN pipeline estimates multi-person poses in a top-down manner. First, the human body proposals are generated by the current optimal human body frame detector; for each proposal, it is assumed that only one human body is included in the cropping region, and then the final prediction is given by the pose estimation network. This section demonstrates the performance of CPN from the perspective of experimental data. The data sets selected for the CPN evaluation are MS COCO test-dev and test-challenge. Table 10 shows the final results of CPN on COCO test-dev. In the absence of additional training data, the AP value for the CPN single model is 72.1, and the AP value for the CPN multi-model fusion (with different groundtruth thermograms) is 73.0. Table 9 shows the comparison of CPN and other methods on COCO test-challenge 2017. The AP value of 72.1 is the current optimal result of the data set. Table 11 shows the performance of CPN and CPN+ (integrated model) on COCO minival?, which provides a reference for the gap between COCO minival and COCO test-dev / test-challenge. Figure 3 is an example of some CPN results. Table 9: Comparison of final results on COCO test-challenge 2017. Table 10: Comparison of the final results on the COCO test-dev. Table 11: Corresponding results on COCO minival, test-dev and test-challenge. Figure 3: Example of CPN results. Conclusion According to the top-down pipeline, this paper proposes a new cascaded pyramid network CPN to solve the "difficult" key point problem. Specifically, CPN includes a global pyramid based on the feature pyramid structure and a RefineNetTM that links all pyramid features to contextual information. In addition, online difficult key points mining was introduced in RefineNet to explicitly handle "difficult" points. The algorithm achieved the current best results on the COCO keypoint benchmark, a 19% improvement over the COCO 2016 keypoint? Challenge. ECCV 2018 | Vision Technology proposes unified perceptual analysis network UPerNet to optimize scene understanding One of the three top conferences of global computer vision ECCV 2018 (European Conference on Computer Vision) will be held in Munich, Germany on September 8-14. At that time, Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of the contempt, will lead the team to the event to help communicate and land computer vision technology. Thesis title: "Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding" paper link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221 code link: https://github.com/CSAILVision/unifiedparsing lead human understanding of the world is multi-level You can easily classify scenes, detect objects, and even identify parts, textures, and materials. In this paper, Vision Technology proposes a new task called Unified Perceptual Parsing (UPP) that requires the machine vision system to identify as many visual concepts as possible from an image. At the same time, the multitasking framework UPerNet was proposed and training strategies were developed to learn heterogeneous annotations. Defiance Technology benchmarked UPerNet on UPP and found that it can effectively segment a large number of image concepts. This trained network is further used to discover visual knowledge in natural scenes. Background The human visual system can extract a large amount of semantic information from an image at a glance. Humans can not only resolve objects in them immediately, but also identify details such as parts, textures, and materials. As shown in Figure 1, this is a living room with many different objects, such as a coffee table, a painting, and a wall. At the same time, we also saw that this is a four-legged coffee table with a table mat on the table top, and the table is wooden, and the sofa surface is knitted. It can be seen that from the visual perception of materials and textures to the semantic perception of objects and parts, our description of this visual scene is multi-layered. Figure 1: A neural network trained for UPP can analyze visual concepts of different levels of perception at a time, such as scenes, objects, parts, textures, materials, and so on. In recent years, due to the development of deep neural networks and large data sets, computer visual recognition capabilities have made significant progress, constantly approaching or even surpassing human standards. However, visual recognition tasks are different and their research is different. For example, object detection and scene recognition have reached the human level, and the accuracy of parsing and segmentation can be up to the pixel level; the perception and recognition of texture and material are also well studied. Design Ideas In the human visual system, the completion of the above tasks is one step in place, which throws a question to the computer vision model: whether a neural network can solve several different visual tasks simultaneously. This paper proposes this problem in the form of a new task, called Unified Perceptual Parsing (UPP), and gives a new learning method to solve it. UPP has several challenges. First, there is no annotated data set that covers all levels of visual information. Different data sets are created for a specific task. For example, the ADE20K data set is used for scene analysis, the DTD data set is used for texture recognition, and the OpenSurfaces data set is used for material and surface recognition. Second, annotations at different levels of perception are also mixed. For example, the annotations for the ADE20K dataset are pixel-level, while the DTD datasets are image-level. To address these challenges, this paper proposes a new framework that integrates the differences between different data sets and learns to jointly detect different visual concepts. On the one hand, this article randomly samples a data source from each iteration and updates only the relevant layers to reason the concept from the data source. Such a design would circumvent unstable behavior, such as the gradient of a particular concept annotation with noise. On the other hand, the framework relies on the hierarchical nature of a single network feature, ie for high-level semantic concepts such as scene classification, the classifier is constructed only based on feature maps with higher-level semantic information; for lower-level semantic information, such as objects And material segmentation, the classifier is built only based on feature maps of all stages or with low-level semantic information. Furthermore, this paper proposes a training method that allows the network to predict pixel-level texture labels using only image-level annotations. The contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: 1) A new analytical task, Unified Perception Analysis (UPP), is required, which requires the system to analyze multi-level visual concepts at one time; 2) propose a new network with hierarchical structure. - UPerNet, which can learn differentiated data in different image data sets; 3) The network can implement joint reasoning and explore rich visual knowledge in images. Defining a UPPUPP task is to identify as many visual concepts as possible from a given image. From scene labels, objects, to parts, textures, and materials, the visual concept is multi-layered. This task relies on the availability of different training data. Since no existing data set can satisfy the condition, this paper integrates several image annotation sources into a new data set - Broden+. --Broden+ The new dataset is built on the Broadly Densely Labeled Dataset (Broden), a confounding dataset with different visual concepts. However, due to its original design, Broden is not suitable for the training of split networks. To this end, the paper is optimized from four aspects, and the Broden+ data set is obtained: 1- removing the similar concept of different data sets; 2- only retaining object categories that appear at least 50 images above and contain at least 50,000 pixels in the entire data set. ; 3- Manually remove the downsampling tags in the OpenSurfaces dataset; 4-map 400+ scene tags in the ADE20K dataset to 365 tags in the Places dataset. Thus, the new dataset resulting from the standardization work contains a total of 57,095 images, of which 22,210 are from ADE20K, 10,103 are from Pascal-Context and Pascal-Part, 19,142 are from OpenSurfaces, and 5,640 are from DTD, as shown in Table 1. Figure 3 is a few examples. Table 1: Statistics for each tag type in the Broden+ data set, with evaluation metrics also given. Figure 3: Broden+ data set instance. -- Indicators In general, the metrics for segmentation tasks are P.A. and mIoU. In order to solve the problem that mIoU does not count the prediction of unlabeled areas, making it more suitable for tasks such as partial segmentation, this paper uses mIoU in some specific tasks, but also counts the prediction of background area. This new indicator is called mIoU-bg. Specifically, for object and material parsing tasks with ADE20K, Pascal-Context, OpenSurfaces datasets, evaluation criteria PA and mIoU are used; for object parts, PA and mIoU-bg are used; for scene and texture classification, top is used -1 accuracy. UPerNet--The current optimal segmentation network is based primarily on the Full Convolutional Network (FCN). Due to the lack of adequate training samples, the segmentation network is typically initialized from a pre-training network for image classification tasks. In order to achieve high-resolution prediction of semantic segmentation, the dilated conv technique is proposed to mitigate the side effects of downsampling while ensuring the expansion rate of the receptive field; the network using this technology has become the standard paradigm for semantic segmentation tasks. However, for the UPP task proposed in this paper, this method has two defects: 1 - The recently proposed deep convolutional network has achieved great success in image classification and semantic segmentation tasks, but the number of layers often reaches tens or hundreds of layers; The design structure is so complicated that the downsampling rate increases rapidly in the early stage of the network due to the large receptive field and low computational complexity. 2- This network only uses the deepest feature map. It is reasonable to use advanced semantic features to segment advanced concepts (such as objects), but it is not suitable for segmenting multi-level perceptual properties, especially low-level concepts (such as textures, materials). In view of this, this paper proposes a new multi-tasking framework UPerNet. -- Architecture Figure 4: UPerNet architecture diagram. The UPerNet (Unified Perceptual Parsing Network) network architecture is shown in Figure 4, which is based on the Feature Pyramid Network (FPN). Although in theory, the depth of the deep convolution network is large enough, the actual available is much smaller. To overcome this problem, this paper uses the Pyramid Pooling Module (PPM) in PSPNet for the last layer of the backbone network before it is fed to the top-down branch of the FPN. The results show that the PPM and FPN architectures are highly consistent in terms of bringing effective global prior representation. This article uses features from multiple semantic levels. Since the image level information is more suitable for scene classification, the Scene head is directly attached to the feature map after the PPM module. The Object head and Part head are attached to the feature map that is merged with all layers from the FPN. The material head is attached to the FPN with the highest resolution feature map. Texture is attached to the Res-2 module in ResNet and optimized after the entire network has been trained for other tasks. There are three reasons behind this design: 1-Texture is the lowest level of perceptual properties, so it is purely based on obvious The feature does not require any advanced information; 2 - the correct prediction of the core features of the texture is implicitly learned while training other tasks; 3 - the receptive field of this branch needs to be small enough, so when a normal size image is input Network, which can predict different labels in different areas. Experiments This section first gives a quantitative study of UPerNet on the original semantic segmentation task and UPP task, and then uses this framework to explore the knowledge of visual common sense behind scene understanding. -- The overall structure of the results. In order to prove the effectiveness of UPerNet in semantic segmentation, this paper presents the results of labeling on the ADE20K dataset with different settings in different settings, as shown in Table 2. Table 2: Comparative analysis of this method (based on ResNet-50) and current best practices on the ADE20K dataset. Multi-task learning with mixed annotations. This paper presents training results on different sets of labels that are separated or fused. Table 3: Results of UPerNet on the Broden+ data set. Quantify the results. This paper gives the quantitative results of UPerNet. As shown in Figure 5. UPerNet unifies structural visual knowledge while efficiently predicting hierarchical output. Figure 5: Prediction of UPerNet (ResNet-50) on the verification set. -- Vision Knowledge UPP requires the model to identify as many visual concepts as possible from an image. If the model succeeds in doing this, you can discover rich visual knowledge hidden under the real world and answer questions such as "The material of this cup." What is the problem that helps the machine vision system better understand the world around you. This section demonstrates that UPerNet trained on Broden+ data sets can discover multiple levels of structural knowledge. The researchers defined several class relationships in a hierarchical manner, as shown in Table 4. Table 4: Visual knowledge of UPerNet exploration. Conclusion This article defines a recognition task called Unified Perception Parsing (UPP), which attempts to parse the multi-level visual concept of an image from scenes, objects, parts, materials, and textures. A multitasking network and training strategies for handling hashed annotations were developed and tested. This paper further uses the trained network to discover visual knowledge in the scene.The role of face recognition companies in the future urban construction The future development of Chinese cities is more reflected in the changes brought about by technological innovation. In this process, artificial intelligence plays a very important role. For face recognition companies, the future urban construction will present a more favorable pattern for their development, not only because of the needs of urban development, but also because of strong support from relevant departments such as the government. In the process of technological innovation, more artificial intelligence elements will be born, and these things will further affect the state of life throughout the city. More people believe that the future city will be an era of artificial intelligence, and face recognition companies will play a major role in this process, because without them, the pace of technological innovation and artificial intelligence will not It may start and it may not make a greater contribution to urban construction. It is reported that the country is currently open to the development needs of future urban construction, and some of the policies that are more conducive to the development of face recognition companies, with the help of policy, more and more technology-based companies will be established, and others have already matured. Face recognition companies with technology and experience, they will continue to advance under the policy of this policy, develop more projects that are conducive to urban development, and put these artificial intelligence related products into different In the application, it has a positive impact on the development of the entire city. For example, nowadays we often encounter face recognition gates in public, sign-in systems encountered in the workplace, etc. In fact, these technology products are derived from artificial intelligence companies. These solutions are built on the basis of smart cities or smart offices. Through technological innovation, these devices or hardware are given more intelligent elements, allowing them to replace traditional human resources and more efficiently complete the needs of enterprises or users. . It is understood that these projects with intelligent elements or hardware equipment products will play an important role in the development of urban construction in the future. They will constantly change the living conditions of Chinese people and become an important force leading the development of smart cities. In the future, the speed of urban development will be faster and faster, and the demand will be more and more diversified. For face recognition companies, how to grasp the policy's east wind, how to use the support programs of relevant state departments to bring more to the company More profit, and a more positive contribution to the entire city construction, will be a question worth considering, and it will be a challenge that these technology-based companies must face. ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology Oral Paper Interpretation: IoU-Net makes the target position detection reliability. ECCV 2018 (European Conference on Computer Vision), one of the top three global computer vision conferences, will be held in Munich, Germany on September 8-14. Kicked off. At that time, Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of the contempt, will lead the team to the event to help communicate and land computer vision technology. Thesis title: "Acquisition of Localization Confidence for Accurate Object Detection" paper link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.11590 code link: https://github.com/vacancy/PreciseRoIPooling lead modern CNN-based target detector relies on Boundary box regression and non-maximum suppression (NMS) are used to locate the target. The predicted probability of the category label can naturally reflect the classification confidence of each box, but the frame position reliability is missing. This allows the originally positioned accurate bounding box to deviate from the target during iterative regression or even be suppressed during the NMS process. To this end, Vision Technology proposes IoU-Net, which can learn to predict the IoU between each detected bounding box and the matching target as the location reliability of the box. With this positional reliability, the detector ensures that more accurate boundary frames are retained during the NMS process, improving the NMS process. In addition, using the predicted IoU as the optimization goal, an optimization-based bounding box correction method is also proposed. This underlying breakthrough of target detection technology (one of the cornerstones of computer vision) will not only optimize the development of the upper technology, but also bring beneficial effects to the technology, such as video intelligence understanding, smart real estate and retail, and smart cameras. Wait, promote the progress of digital China, urban brain, unmanned supermarkets and other industries. Background target detection is the premise of many downstream visual applications, such as instance segmentation, human skeleton drawing, face recognition, and advanced target reasoning. It combines two tasks of target classification and positioning. Most modern target detector frameworks are two-stage, where target detection is defined as a multi-task learning problem: 1) distinguish foreground object frames from the background and assign them the appropriate category labels; 2) regress a set of coefficients to maximize The intersection ratio (IoU) or other indicator between the detection frame and the target frame. Finally, the redundant bounding box (repeated detection of the same target) is removed through an NMS process. In such a detection process, classification and positioning are solved in different ways. Specifically, given a proposal, the probability of each category label can be used naturally as the "classification confidence" of the proposal, while the bounding box regression module only predicts the transform coefficients for the proposal. Fits the position of the target object. In other words, this process lacks ¡°location reliability¡±. The lack of location reliability brings two disadvantages: 1- When suppressing duplicate detection, the classification score is usually used as an indicator of the position of the detection frame due to the lack of location reliability. In Figure 1(a), the researchers show a set of cases in which the detection frame with higher classification confidence has a smaller overlap with its corresponding target object. Like Gresham's famous theory of ¡°bad money driving good money¡±, the mismatch between classification confidence and positioning accuracy may result in a more accurate boundary box being suppressed by the more inaccurate bounding box in the NMS process. 2- Lack of location reliability makes the widely used bounding box regression method lack interpretability or predictability. For example, the previous study [3] reported the non-monotonicity of iterative bounding box regression. That is to say, if the bounding box regression is applied multiple times, it may damage the positioning effect of the input bounding box (see Figure 1(b)). Figure 1: Illustration of two shortcomings caused by lack of location reliability. These examples are selected from the MS-COCO minival. (a) An example of classification confidence and positioning accuracy misalignment. The yellow frame indicates the real target frame, and the red frame and the green frame are the results of the FPN. The location reliability is calculated by the IoU-Net proposed by the researcher. Using classification confidence as a ranking indicator results in a more accurate boundary box (green frame) being incorrectly deleted in the traditional NMS process. (b) An example of non-monotonic positioning in iterative bounding box regression. Design Ideas In this paper, the researchers introduced IoU-Net, which predicts the IoU between the detected bounding boxes and their corresponding real target frames, so that the network can be like the classification module. The accuracy of positioning is mastered. This simple predictive IoU value provides researchers with a new solution to the aforementioned problems: 1-IoU is a natural standard for positioning accuracy. Researchers can use the predicted IoU to replace the classification confidence as the ranking basis in the NMS. This technique, known as IoU-guided NMS, eliminates suppression errors caused by misleading classification confidence. 2- The researcher proposes an optimization-based bounding box correction process that can be compared with the traditional regression-based bounding box correction method. During reasoning, the predicted IoU can be used as an optimization target or as an interpretable indicator of location reliability. The researchers' proposed Precise RoI Pooling layer allows researchers to solve IoU optimizations by gradient ascent. Researchers have shown that the optimization-based bounding box correction method can achieve a monotonous improvement in positioning accuracy in experiments compared to regression-based methods. This method is fully compatible and can be integrated into a variety of different CNN-based detectors. Boundary box correction diagram: Uplink is the result of the traditional method, and down is the result of the proposed method. Target Positioning This section explores two shortcomings of target positioning: mismatch between classification confidence and positioning accuracy, and non-monotonic bounding box regression. The standard FPN detector was trained on the MS-COCO trainval35k with the most baseline and tested on minival for further study. -- Classification & Positioning Accuracy Mismatch Figure 2: Relationship between the IoU of the bounding box and its corresponding target box and the classification/location reliability. For those test frames with an IoU higher than 0.5 in the target box, the Pearson correlation coefficients are (a) 0.217 and (b) 0.617. (a) Classification Confidence represents a category of bounding boxes, but cannot be interpreted as positioning accuracy. (b) To solve this problem, the researchers proposed IoU-Net to predict the location reliability of each detected bounding box, ie its IoU with the corresponding target box. Figure 3: The number of positive bounding boxes obtained after NMS, grouped according to the IoU between them and the corresponding target box. In traditional NMS (blue bar graph), a large portion of the accurately positioned boundary box is error suppressed, which is caused by a mismatch between classification confidence and positioning accuracy, while IoU-guided NMS (Yellow bar chart) preserves more accurate bounding boxes. -- Non-monotone Boundary Box Regression Figure 4: Optimization-based and regression-based BBox optimization. As shown in the figure above, (a) indicates comparison in FPN. When the regression is applied iteratively, the AP (average precision) of the test results will increase first, but will decrease rapidly in subsequent iterations. (b) indicates a comparison in Cascade R-CNN. The iterations 0, 1, 2 represent the 1, 2, and 3 regression phases in the Cascade R-CNN. After multiple rounds of regression, the AP declined slightly, while the optimization-based approach further increased AP by 0.8%. To quantitatively analyze the validity of IoU predictions, IoU-Net first proposed a method for training IoU predictors. Next, we show how to use the IoU predictor for NMS and bounding box correction. Finally, the researchers integrated the IoU predictor into existing target detectors such as FPN. -- Learning Forecast IoU Figure 5: The complete architecture of IoU-Net. In the above image, the input image is first entered into an FPN backbone network. The IoU predictor then reads the output characteristics of this FPN backbone network. The researchers replaced the RoI pooling layer with the PrRoI pooling layer. This IoU predictor has similar results to the R-CNN branch. The modules in the dashed box form a single IoU-Net. --IoU-guided NMS algorithm 1: IoU-guided NMS. In this algorithm, the classification confidence and location reliability are disentangled. The researchers used location reliability (predicted IoU) to rank all detected bounding boxes and then updated the classification confidence based on a cluster-like rule. - Boundary box correction as an optimization process algorithm 2: Optimization based bounding box correction. Precise RoI Pooling. The researchers introduced a precision RoI pooling (abbreviated as: PrRoI pooling) to help the researchers' bounding box corrections. It does not have any coordinate quantization and has a continuous gradient on the bounding box coordinates. Given the feature map F of the RoI/PrRoI before pooling (for example, from Conv4 in ResNet-50), let wi,j be the feature at a discrete position (i,j) on the feature map. Using bilinear interpolation, this discrete feature map can be considered to be continuous at any continuous coordinate (x, y): where ?? is the interpolation coefficient. Then, a bin of RoI is represented as ??, where (x_1, y_1) and (x_2, y_2) are consecutive coordinates of the upper left and lower right corners, respectively. Given bin and feature map F, the researchers performed pooling by calculating a second-order integral (such as average pooling): For easier understanding, the researchers visualized RoI pooling, RoI Align, and the researchers in Figure 6. PrRoI pooling: In the traditional RoI pooling, the continuous coordinates first need to be quantized to calculate the sum of the activations in the bin; in order to eliminate the quantization error, in the RoI Align, N=4 in the bin will be sampled. Continuous points are represented as (a_i, b_i), and pooling is performed at the points of these samples. The N in RoI Align is predefined and cannot be adjusted according to the size of the bin. In contrast, the PrRoI pooling proposed by the researchers is based on continuous feature maps to calculate second-order integrals. Figure 6: Graphical representation of RoI pooling, RoI Align, and PrRoI pooling. -- Joint training This IoU predictor can be integrated into standard FPN processes for end-to-end training and reasoning. For clarity of explanation, the researcher refers to the CNN architecture for image feature extraction as a backbone, and the module applied to each RoI is called a head. As shown in Figure 5, this IoU-Net uses ResNet-FPN as the backbone network, and its architecture is top-down, building a feature pyramid. FPN can extract the characteristics of these RoIs from different levels of this feature pyramid according to the proportion of RoI features. The original RoI pooling layer was replaced by a precision RoI pooling layer. As for the head of the network, this IoU predictor works in parallel with the R-CNN branch (including classification and bounding box regression) based on the same visual characteristics from the backbone network. Experimental researchers conducted experiments on 80 MS-COCO test data sets. Specifically, the model was trained on a union of 80,000 training images and 35,000 verified images (trainval35k), and the model was evaluated on a collection containing 5000 proof images. To validate the method, the researcher trained a separate IoU-Net (without the R-CNN module) separately from the target detector. IoU-guided NMS and optimization-based bounding box corrections are applied to the test results. --IoU-guided NMS Table 1 summarizes the performance of different NMS methods. Although Soft-NMS retains more bounding boxes (without true "suppression"), IoU-guided NMS can improve results by improving the positioning of detected bounding boxes. Therefore, on high IoU metrics (such as AP_90), IoU-guided NMS is significantly better than the benchmark approach. Table 1: Comparison of IoU-guided NMS with other NMS methods. By preserving the exact bounding box, the IoU-guided NMS performs significantly better on APs with high matching thresholds (such as AP_90). Figure 7: Recall rate curves for different NMS methods under different IoU thresholds for matching detected bounding boxes to real target frames. The investigator provided No-NMS (without suppressing the bounding box) as the upper limit of the recall rate curve. The IoU-NMS proposed by the researchers has a higher recall rate and can effectively narrow the gap with the upper limit at high IoU thresholds (such as 0.8). -- Optimization-based bounding box correction The optimization-based bounding box correction proposed by the researchers is compatible with most CNN-based target detectors, as shown in Table 2. Applying this bounding box correction method to the original IoU-Net process can further improve performance by more accurately targeting the target. Even for Cascade R-CNN with three-level bounding box regression, this improved approach can further increase AP_90 by 2.8% and overall AP by 0.8%. Table 2: Optimization-based bounding box correction can further enhance the performance of multiple CNN-based target detectors. -- Joint optimization IoU-Net can be optimized end-to-end in parallel with the target detection framework. The researchers found that adding IoU predictors to the network helped to make network learning more discriminative, which increased the overall APs of ResNet50-FPN and ResNet101-FPN by 0.6% and 0.4%, respectively. IoU-guided NMS and bounding box corrections can further improve performance. The researchers used ResNet101-FPN to get 40.6% of APs, compared to 38.5%, an increase of 2.1%. Table 4 gives the speed of reasoning, indicating that IoU-Net can achieve an improvement in detection levels within the cost of computing. Table 3: Final experimental results on MS-COCO. IoU-Net represents the ResNet-FPN embedded in the predictor. On this FPN benchmark, the researchers achieved an AP boost of approximately 2%. Table 4: The speed of inference that multiple target detectors get on a single TITAN X GPU. These models all have the same backbone network ResNet50-FPN. The input resolution is 1200x800. All hyperparameter settings are the same. Conclusion This paper proposes a new network architecture IoU-Net for accurate target location. By learning to predict and target the real target IoU, IoU-Net can detect the "fixed position reliability" of the bounding box, implementing an IoU-guided NMS process, thereby preventing the more accurate boundary frame from being suppressed. IoU-Net is intuitive and easy to integrate into a variety of different inspection models to dramatically improve positioning accuracy. The MS-COCO experimental results show the effectiveness and practical application potential of the method. From the perspective of academic research, this paper points out that there is a problem that the classification confidence and the location reliability do not match in the modern detection process. Further, the researchers redefine the bounding box correction problem to a completely new optimization problem and propose a solution that is superior to the regression-based method. Researchers hope that these new perspectives will inspire future target detection efforts.The 5th World Internet Conference enters the countdown Despise technology to meet you in Wuzhen From November 7th to 9th, the eyes of the global Internet field will once again focus on the beautiful water town of Wuzhen, paying attention to the 5th World Internet Conference. At the same time, as an important part of the World Internet Conference, the 5th "Light of the Internet" Expo, co-sponsored by the National Network Office, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the People's Government of Zhejiang Province, will also be held from November 6th to 10th. The day was held in Wuzhen. At that time, Defiance Technology will also bring a number of original artificial intelligence black technologies to the main venue of the Expo to showcase the innovation and development achievements of China's artificial intelligence technology. Exhibition time: November 6-10, 2018 (9:00-17:00, 10:00-12:00): Venue: Wuzhen Internet International Convention and Exhibition Center, No. 646, Huanhe Road, Wuzhen, Tongxiang, Zhejiang, China Location: Hall A1F-10, the first floor of Hall 3, the 5th World Internet Conference, scorned booth design. The 5th World Internet Light Expo focuses on the world's Internet development trends and cutting-edge technologies, highlighting the global scale. New products, new technologies, new applications. As a strategic technology that leads a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, artificial intelligence has become a hot spot for Internet companies and innovative enterprises at the Expo every year. As an industry leader in artificial intelligence, it is also a global Leading companies in the field of artificial intelligence, Vision Technology has brought its advanced AI technology and products to the Expo since 2015. This year, contempt for the latest innovations in security, mobile, automotive, retail, and logistics, and will showcase smart vision, smart home and wearable solutions with partner Amys Semiconductor (ams). On the eve of the conference, we will first bring you first-hand exhibit information. First, despise the city Tianyan 2.0 city Tianyan system, is a cloud intelligent research and judgment platform that deliberately launched on the line in 2015. Combined with big data and deep learning algorithms, it can realize the data visualization and trajectory tracking function of public security prevention and control. In 2018, contempt for the official launch of the City Tianyan 2.0 platform, the self-developed face recognition, pedestrian recognition, vehicle identification, trajectory tracking, video structuring and other leading AI vision technology, and urban security, urban transportation, urban governance The combination of actual scene requirements provides intelligent identification of key public security personnel, traffic violations, and urban mobile vendors. In the 2018 Asia-Europe Security Exhibition, Beijing Anbo and other exhibitions, contempt for the city's eyes has become the focus of the audience's visit experience. Second, end-to-end intelligent security As the industry's leading provider of end-to-end intelligent security products and solutions, contempt is the first artificial intelligence company to enter the security field. For the typical scenarios in the security business, and the actual demands of the "love, finger, and diligence" linkage, contempt is through the "algorithm, technology, hardware products, solutions, data" full value chain output, and strive to create a full business process coverage. The end-to-end solution system helps public security users build a new intelligent security closed-loop system from front-end awareness to cloud research and judgment to terminal applications. Today, defying intelligent security has been deployed in more than 100 cities across the country, and has become an important security solution provider for major international events such as the G20 Summit, Xiamen Golden Brick Summit, Hainan Boao Forum, and SCO Summit. Third, the mobile AI solution for the AI ??application wave in the mobile phone industry, contempt is also the industry's first to launch a soft-hard integrated mobile AI-aware full-stack solution, from algorithm innovation, application development, device manufacturing to solutions, Industry customers realize AI empowerment. At present, defy core-based deep learning and computer vision technology to launch a series of mobile AI products such as face payment, face recognition unlock, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, 3D Animoji, etc., to meet different mobile phone manufacturers. In the face unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, intelligent image and video processing needs, in less than one year, it has achieved in-depth cooperation with domestic headphone companies such as Huawei, Xiaomi, vivo and OPPO. At this year's fair, Despise will showcase 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light technology for OPPO Find X, and smart vision, smart home and wearable solutions using ams modules. In addition, the newly developed car AI vision solution will also be unveiled at this year's fair. 4. In the retail industry, the smart retail solution defies the lack of data for offline retail scenes and cannot use data-driven decision-making. Based on the industry-leading computer vision algorithms and the IoT-aware terminal system, it has independently developed a set of ¡°clouds¡±. Service + Smart Side" new retail industry solution. It can multi-dimensionally sense and understand customer's identity attributes, behavioral information and various types of data triggered by shelves and commodities. Through data fusion analysis and in-depth mining, it helps merchants improve the capability boundary of store operators and optimize business strategies and supply. Chain management, in order to achieve cost reduction and efficiency in the process of store data. At present, contempt has provided an end-to-end intelligent solution for more than 2,000 chain stores including retail enterprises such as Mingchuang Premium, Fresh Life, Ginza Mall, and Wheat Shop. V. Logistics Warehousing Robot Solution In the practice of ignoring the AI+IoT-enabled urban terminal, the digitalization and intelligent transformation of the logistics industry has become one of the key businesses of contempt. Relying on the core R&D strength of powerful robots, big data, artificial intelligence, etc., the logistics warehouse robot solution can be designed to meet the business needs of customer storage sorting and intelligent handling, and provide ¡°robot + warehouse management system + data¡±. Analytical" and other comprehensive solutions. In the logistics industry, contempt has reached strategic partnerships with many well-known domestic e-commerce warehousing, logistics and manufacturing companies. By building an open intelligent warehousing robot platform, we will reduce costs, increase efficiency and create value for more partners. In addition to the show, contempt will also be released on November 8th at the Internet Light Expo brand launch event (2nd floor of Hall 6), the theme of "Software and Hard One Innovative Mobile 3D Solution Optimization" is released, we look forward to meeting you. Wuzhen!ECCV 2018 | Defiance Technology proposes a new approach: weakly supervised semantic segmentation through instance-level saliency detection and graph partitioning ECCV 2018 (European Conference on Computer Vision), one of the top three global computer vision conferences, will be held September 8-14 It opened in Munich, Germany. At that time, Dr. Sun Jian, the chief scientist of the contempt, will lead the team to the event to help communicate and land computer vision technology. Thesis title: "Associating Inter-Image Salient Instances for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation" paper link: http://mftp.mmcheng.net/Papers/18ECCVGraphPartition.pdf The depth learning method is divided into supervised learning and unsupervised learning. The former is Deep learning "Taking down a city" is fruitful, while the latter is hope and future. However, the weak supervised learning between the two can not be ignored, and the potential is huge. In this paper, Defiance Technology and Tsinghua University propose a new weak supervised learning method by accumulating original technologies such as saliency detection and graph partitioning algorithms, speeding up the development of semantic segmentation, and promoting the technology in automatic driving, security, and The emergence and popularity of new retail, logistics and other industries. The biggest technical highlight of this approach is the intrinsic properties of each saliency instance utilized, and the interrelationship of different saliency instances across the entire dataset. The experimental results show the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method. It is through the difficulties of technical difficulties, continuous accumulation, mutual resonance, and promote the AI ??original technology matrix to form the AI+IoT system, which helps Vision Technology to continue to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology. Background Semantic segmentation is one of the most important tasks in the field of computer vision. Its purpose is to label semantic information for each pixel of an image. The powerful learning capabilities of convolutional neural networks have made great progress in this area, but the training of neural networks requires a large number of pixel-level labeled training data, such as PASCAL VOC and MS COCO. Weakly supervised semantic segmentation as a new method to reduce the need for pixel-level annotated data has recently received much attention. This method only needs tag information such as keywords, bounding boxes, scribbles, points, etc., and the data can be easily constructed. This paper studies the weak supervision framework with only keywords as annotation information. In weakly supervised semantic segmentation, one of the main challenges is to establish an effective connection between the keyword and the corresponding semantic target. Most previous methods use various low-level cue detectors to capture pixel-level information to generate a proxy ground-truth from the original image. Significant models and attention mechanisms are common methods. Since the above method only gives pixel-level saliency/attention information, it is difficult to distinguish different foreground target objects. Therefore, the ability to discriminate semantic instances is especially critical. With the rapid development of saliency detection algorithms, some significant detectors, such as MSRNet and S^4Net, can not only achieve pixel-level prediction of significant regions, but also extract significant instances. By referring to the advantages of the above-mentioned example-level significant target detector, this paper proposes to use S^4Net to perform instance extraction tasks in the early significant detection phase, which greatly simplifies the pipeline, some instance-level saliency images generated by S^4Net. Figure 1 (b) shows. Figure 1: Illustration of the method in this article. Since the foreground obtained by low-level feature detectors such as saliency detection does not contain semantic information, for multi-label training samples, assigning the correct keywords (tags) to each foreground object is an important task to be solved. When traditional methods deal with weakly supervised problems, they focus on processing each image independently. This paper not only exploits the intrinsic features of each saliency instance, but also generates a proxy ground-truth by assigning the correct semantic label to each saliency instance by means of the semantic interrelationship of all saliency instances across the entire data set. This algorithm can be modeled using graph partitioning. Design Ideas In order to take advantage of the saliency instance mask with bounding boxes, two major difficulties need to be overcome. First, an image may be labeled with multiple keywords, so the corresponding problem of the keyword and the saliency instance is solved. Second, not all instances generated by the saliency instance detector are semantically meaningful, and incorporating these noise instances can affect the accuracy of subsequent operations. Because the identification and removal of these noise examples is important in the method of this paper. Both of the above difficulties can be expressed as a label assignment problem, that is, the semantic label and the noise instance are labeled correctly. This paper considers the interrelationship between the intrinsic information and the saliency instances of a significant instance throughout the training set. It is also possible to give correct labels to salient instances by considering only the internal information of RoI, that is, the essential features of the saliency instances. However, in addition to the intrinsic properties of each RoI, there is a semantic interrelationship between each saliency instance: saliency instances of the same category usually have similar semantic features. It is important to consider label assignments. Specifically, on the one hand, this new framework contains a attention module that predicts the probability that a significant instance belongs to each tag based on intrinsic properties; on the other hand, predicts semantic features for each significant instance through an extractor, To get semantic relationships. A semantically similar saliency instance has an approximate semantic feature vector. Based on the semantic features, a similarity graph can be obtained, where the vertices represent saliency instances and the edge weights record semantic similarities between a pair of saliency instances. In this paper, the graph is divided into several subgraphs by a graph partitioning algorithm, in which each subgraph represents a specific category. The graph partitioning process is modeled as a mixed integer quadratic programming problem (MIQP) to obtain a global optimal solution. The goal is to make the vertices inside each subgraph as similar as possible. The graph partitioning process also takes into account the intrinsic properties of the salient instance. This method gives high-quality proxy-ground-truth data and can train a fully supervised semantic segmentation model. When dealing with semantic segmentation tasks on DeepLab, the proposed method has a mIoU of 65.6% on the PASCAL VOC 2012 test set, which is better than the current best practice. In addition to pixel-level semantic segmentation, this paper also uses the instance-level proxy-ground-truth data to train the instance-level segmentation model, and demonstrates for the first time the ability to perform instance-level segmentation using only the weakly supervised framework of keyword annotation. Network Architecture In this section, we first give an overview of the pipeline, then discuss the network structure and label allocation algorithms. The framework is shown in Figure 2. Most previous work that relied on pixel-level cues (such as saliency, edge, and attention maps) identified instance discrimination as a key task. However, with the development of deep learning, the significance detector can predict the significance map as well as the instance bounding box. Given a training image with only keywords, the researchers extracted saliency instances from each image with an instance-level significant segmentation network S^4Net. Each significant instance has a bounding box and a mask indicating that there is a visually visible foreground target in the image. These notable examples are category agnostic, so the extractor S^4Net does not need to be trained for this training set. Although the salient instance contains a ground-truth mask that trains the split mask, there are two main limitations to using these significant instances to train the split network. First, an image can be labeled with multiple keywords. Second, instances detected by S^4Net are not necessarily among the categories of the training set. This article considers these notable instances as noise instances, and eliminating them is an integral part of the pipeline in this article. Two limitations can be solved by solving the label assignment problem, where the researchers associate the saliency instance with the correct label based on the image keyword and mark the other instance as noise. Figure 2: Pipeline. The pipeline of this paper considers the relationship between the intrinsic properties of a single region and all significant instances. In the score map output by a classification network, there is a strong response to the correct category in the target area (pixel). Therefore, inspired by class activation mapping (CAM), this paper uses the attention module to directly identify the labels of significant instances based on their intrinsic properties. One of the weaknesses of the existing weak supervisory segmentation work is that the training sets are processed one by one, ignoring the relationship between the saliency instances throughout the training set. However, saliency instances belonging to the same category have similar semantic information and can play a role in tag assignment. This paper extracts the semantic features of each significant instance. The regions with similar semantic information have similar semantic features, and thus construct a similarity graph. Label assignment now becomes a graph partitioning problem, while taking advantage of the intrinsic properties of a single saliency instance and the overall relationship of all saliency instances. Experiments This section shows the results of this approach on the PASCAL VOC 2012 semantic segmentation benchmark and compares it with some of the current best practices. The results show that the framework goes significantly beyond all existing weak monitoring methods. This article also analyzes the importance of each component through a series of experiments. This paper further gives the preliminary results on the MS COCO instance segmentation task. Table 3 shows the new current best results on the PASCAL VOC 2012 validation set and test set. Specifically, compared to the baseline results of Mining Pixels, the method achieved 6% and 5.8% improvements on the test set and validation set, respectively. In addition, it is worth noting that this method is even better than other methods (in the form of lines and points) with additional supervision. In addition to the semantic segmentation results, this paper also shows the example segmentation results of the weakly supervised method using only keywords. Table 4 compares the results of this paper with the current optimal full-supervised method. Instance-level segmentation is achieved with only raw RGB images with keywords. Table 3: Pixel-level segmentation results for the proposed method on the PASCAL VOC 2012 validation set and test set and comparison with existing best practices. Table 4: Example segmentation results and comparisons of the methods in this paper on the COCO test set. Conclusion This paper proposes a new weakly supervised segmentation framework that aims to generate accurate proxy-ground-truth data based on the saliency instances extracted from the trained images and the assigned tags. This paper introduces the saliency instance into the weak supervised segmentation, which greatly simplifies the target discriminating process in the existing work, and makes the framework perform instance-level segmentation. In this paper, the label assignment task is modeled as a network partition problem, and this problem is solved by integer quadratic programming. To improve the accuracy of label assignments, the intrinsic information from a single saliency instance and the relationship of all targets in the entire data set are taken into account at the same time. Experiments show that this method achieves new current optimal results on the PASCAL VOC 2012 semantic segmentation benchmark, and demonstrates for the first time the results of the weakly supervised method with only keywords as annotation information in the MS COCO instance-level semantic segmentation task.Artificial intelligence: unlocking smart cities, the future has come. I. Overview of China's Artificial Intelligence City Development In an finite urban space, creating an infinitely intelligent city. China's urban construction experienced rapid development from the 1990s to the present, and gradually entered the new normal of urban transformation and development. The goal of urban construction begins with the pursuit of scale and economic benefits, and shifts to the three-dimensional value pursuit of ecology, humanities, social equity and sustainability, especially the people-oriented development goal, the city is developing towards ¡°smart¡±; with artificial intelligence technology Conditions are becoming more and more mature, urban management forms a data-driven urban decision-making mechanism, starting from the top-level design, top-down "AI" makes urban functions and industrial transformation more significant, creating technology-driven for the city. Business value ultimately leads to a diversified organic eco-city system. The development of intelligent networking led by artificial intelligence is the key to the next stage of smart city. Back in the 1990s, after IBM first proposed the concept of ¡°smart city¡±, China also launched digital city construction in 1995, which is the 1.0 version of China's smart city; With the concept of ¡°Smart Earth¡± in 2008, China¡¯s smart city construction once again entered the era of 3.0 perceived smart city; in 2013, WiFi, 3G/4G network transmission and cloud computing, big data back-end data storage, processing With the technological advancement of analysis, the era of 4.0 cognitive smart cities has been opened; in the near future, data accumulation and the rapid growth of transmission bandwidth and speed will enable smart cities to achieve overall architecture collaborative management, and the era of ¡°artificial smart cities¡± will also arrival. The government encourages the development of artificial intelligence and will vigorously assist the future urban construction. The government has intensively introduced policies to encourage the development of artificial intelligence technology in the past three years, indicating that it attaches great importance to the opportunities of this technology development, from vigorously promoting China to 2030, becoming the world's artificial intelligence innovation. The determination of the center can be seen. I hope that China can ¡°catch up¡± this time of the technological revolution, and it is no longer just a requirement of ¡°not falling behind¡±. The policy direction of Chinese cities is returning to the core of people-oriented. The development of the city revolves around the concept of ¡°high efficiency, benefiting the people and sustainable development¡±, which makes the city construction a major opportunity for transformation and upgrading. In the future, the upgrading of urban economic structure relies on technological innovation to bring economic power. China's GDP has grown exponentially in the past decade, and the overall level of innovation efficiency improvement in national central cities is not significant. Beijing, Wuhan, and Zhengzhou have significantly improved their innovation efficiency levels ten years ago, while other cities have remained unchanged or even declined. It can be seen that the current innovation investment and output of major cities have not kept pace with the economic development, indicating that the proportion of revenue brought by the improvement of science and technology in the economic structure is low, and the investment in improving innovation efficiency should be emphasized in the future (talent, capital, technology... ...), and focus on the economic benefits of innovation. Imminent: Solving the Problem of Optimizing the Efficiency of Limited Urban Space China's urban population surpassed the rural population for the first time in 2011. The future regional urbanization will be an important deployment of the national development strategy; in 2015, the national urban construction was less than ten years compared with 2008. At the time, the urban built-up area increased by 43.5%, and the road length increased by 40.4%. All of this occurred on the basis of an increase of 7.7% in urban area and 21.7% in public transport system operation vehicles. With a further dense population (15.3% increase in urban population density), ¡°big city diseases¡± ? traffic congestion, air pollution, inadequate infrastructure and other issues are becoming more and more serious, how to create higher urban efficiency in a limited space, Better urban operation and a more livable urban environment have become an urgent problem for domestic urban management. The coverage of China's surveillance cameras is insufficient, and the density is far lower than that of the United States and the United States in 2017. The official data of the ¡°China Skynet¡± has reached 20 million cameras, but for the urban area of ??nearly 200,000 square kilometers, the coverage and number of cameras are rare; In terms of the number of cameras/thousands of people, the average density of camera in China's cities is only 20%-30% of that of the United States and the United States, and the perfect monitoring system is a powerful means to ensure urban security. Therefore, the surveillance camera construction project has a long way to go; in the future, especially It is a huge potential for surveillance cameras in second-tier cities and below. The development of artificial intelligence From the 1950s to the early 1970s, people thought that as long as they could give the machine logical reasoning ability, the machine could be intelligent, and the artificial intelligence research was in the "inference period." Then, people realized that human beings can judge and make decisions. In addition to reasoning ability, they also need knowledge. Therefore, artificial intelligence research entered the ¡°knowledge period¡± in the 1970s, and a large number of expert systems were born at this time. As the research progressed, experts found that human knowledge was endless, and some of the knowledge itself was difficult to summarize and then handed over to the computer. So some scholars gave birth to the idea of ??giving knowledge learning ability to the computer itself. In the 1980s, machine learning really became an independent subject area, and related technologies emerged one after another. After entering 2010, significant progress has been made in the field of speech recognition and computer vision. In 2016, behind AlphaGo, which has attracted a lot of attention from academia, industry, media, and other sectors of society, it is also a combination of deep reinforcement learning and Monte Carlo tree search. Wit or skill is not as good as people? After massive data training, artificial intelligence can be used in a clear-cut field, only when compared to human intelligence that can continuously learn and adapt to changing things in an open environment, when the machine faces a rare scene that exceeds fixed rules. Often, at a loss, the robustness needs to be improved. Despite this, all aspects of urban development and construction have a large number of potential space for upgrading existing technologies, such as machine perception, cognition, big data processing, and motion control. Second, the application and scene of artificial intelligence in urban development 2017 is the first year of artificial intelligence application, in the future there will be more urban scenes landing AI + security: computer vision + deep learning technology is a necessary condition for intelligent video upgrades The camera and the huge monitoring network will generate massive monitoring video data in an instant, and efficiently extract effective information from massive video data, which becomes the key to intelligent video surveillance technology. Take a city with a video scale of 10,000 channels as an example. It generates 12PB of video data per month. In this kind of resources, the target personnel and vehicles are like a needle in a haystack. However, through artificial intelligence algorithms, the target in the video can be automatically captured. The picture, and extract its semantic attribute data and feature data that can be used to compare the search, the monthly data is only about 1.5 billion, and the storage capacity drops to about 300TB, which can realize the second-level retrieval and depict the target's trajectory. Conduct behavioral analysis. AI+ Transportation: Human control of vehicles will eventually approach zero. The evolution of driving in unmanned scenes is the evolution of automatic intelligent transportation: At this stage, the functions of assisted driving are relatively mature, whether it is testing or actual. The performance of the open environment is relatively stable; and the limited scenes of autonomous driving are expected to land in the next three years. The main landing is the scene where the environment is relatively simple, closed or safe for passengers. In the future, the unmanned form needs to pass a large number. Data accumulation, proofreading and testing, as well as technological breakthroughs and mass production of parts and components have brought down costs. AI+ authentication: AI authentication has significantly surpassed the human-authentication efficiency. The government-established government cloud platform has opened up the ¡°island¡± state of information and data for urban management. In many scenarios of smart government, the effective time for human verification It is a half-hour rotation, so authentication is widely used in various types of identity-identifying nodes. For example, biometric recognition technology based on facial feature information, with the breakthrough brought by deep learning, allows the machine to achieve self-learning ability according to the training data set, and finally grasp the concept of "face". AI+Retail: Entity retail intelligence is the only way to fight against e-commerce retail. Retail needs to seize the opportunity of ¡°new retail¡± transformation and upgrade, build information-based physical stores and build a three-dimensional database, so as to better serve customers. Control or reduce costs and increase the competitiveness of physical retail. Entity retail can start from all kinds of access data, monitor and capture the consumer's likes and dislikes in the store in real time, and carry out accurate analysis to realize intelligent operation and management. AI+ Entertainment and Life: Augmented Reality Technology Constantly Creates Value in Entertainment and Life Markets in Pan-Entertainment Scenes Such as Image and Video. China's smartphone users have higher acceptance of new things and are willing to use new technologies to upgrade existing products. The experience, the short burst of video and the beauty of the beauty filter confirm this view. At present, augmented reality technology is mainly applied to image and video entertainment scenes on personal mobile devices. In the future, under the upgrade iteration of hardware devices, augmented reality technology will bring greater commercial value. III. Future development of China's artificial intelligence city With the continuous upgrading and transformation of the city, the demand for artificial intelligence technology is increasing. Under the promotion of the fourth information revolution, the city-smart city-artificial intelligence city is continuously iteratively upgraded and artificial. Intelligent technology is becoming more and more important in urban construction; from informationization-networking+sensing-independent intelligence, more and more attention is paid to the upgrade experience brought by technological innovation; Ai Rui believes that in the future, human participation in management and decision-making in urban management will Less and less, and ultimately achieve the effect of urban independent intelligent management, so as to achieve efficient, safe, energy-saving, sustainable development of urban development goals. The increasingly perfect ICT architecture will accelerate urban iterative development and technology upgrades also provide ¡°smart¡± decision support for urban governance. From digital cities to artificial intelligence cities, the improvement of ICT (Information Communication Technology) promotes the iterative development of cities, with cloud computing. , big data, Internet of Things, communication as infrastructure, artificial intelligence technology provides analysis, deployment, management, and pre-judgment functions in urban development; IResearch believes that: under the ICT architecture with constantly upgrading technology and infrastructure, improve the city Operational efficiency and a better living experience will be a significant effect of technology changing life; and every aspect of the process will have great commercial value.The important application of face recognition algorithm in urban security In China's first- and second-tier cities, the layout density of surveillance cameras has reached more than half of that in developed countries, but the number of surveillance cameras in cities below two levels is far from enough to support future cities. The development of construction, while the intelligent and perfect monitoring system can play a huge positive role in urban governance and security, so the surveillance camera market is huge and has great potential. It is worth mentioning that in the process of building an upgraded surveillance camera project, the application of the face recognition algorithm is a key part of the entire intelligent process. The face recognition algorithm shoulders the function of collecting, transmitting and feedback data in the establishment of the monitoring system. First, the downlink data is recorded by the front-end device, and the mobile terminal device can complete the identification and structuring process in real time, and then transmit the video stream and the labeled data back to the background for further decoding processing, and transmit the final result back to the management for release. The instruction makes a reference. Imagine that all processes are completed manually, which will inevitably lead to a large waste of manpower and material resources. Therefore, in the process of establishing the urban security system, a more complete monitoring system is constructed based on the face recognition algorithm, which is further obtained through identification technology. The image or video information that the monitor wants to obtain will be the optimal solution to the various information and problems needed to solve urban security. In the process of concrete operation, in the urban monitoring system, a camera system can feed back a lot of information, including image and video, etc., to find the desired person or image information from the ever-changing and resource-rich video material. , you need to use the recognition algorithm. Through the face recognition algorithm, it is possible to screen out the target person or the required image information from a large amount of rich video material, which brings some help for the investigation. This can be a very good auxiliary role for urban security, especially when the police are chasing fugitives or suspects. Of course, the role of the face recognition algorithm is not only that, it can be applied to image recognition or surveillance recognition, and can also be applied to various areas of urban security, and play a more useful role. In the future urban construction, especially in the implementation of security projects, the relevant face recognition algorithms will continue to be used and expanded, becoming an important weapon for smart cities in the process of analyzing data and feeding back real-time information. Through the face recognition algorithm, more potential urban hazards will be discovered in advance, and the safety of urban residents can be further improved. With the development of technology, the future face recognition algorithm will become more and more complicated, but it will also be used in the construction of urban security system in a simpler and more intuitive form. Because only in this way, this technology can be used by human beings for the benefit of human society.CeMAT ASIA | AI is at the time! Despising the future of Ai Ruisi robots and deducting the future of smart logistics From November 6th to November 9th, Asia Pacific's most eye-catching annual logistics technology event - Asia International Logistics Technology and Transportation System Exhibition CeMAT ASIA 2018 will be held in Shanghai Held. As the industry's leading provider of intelligent logistics robot solutions, IResearch will showcase a variety of intelligent handling robot products and solutions for logistics warehousing and smart factories, and launch the industry's first intelligent robot open platform. stay tuned! Event time: November 6th - November 9th Venue: C1 Pavilion, W3 Hall, Shanghai New International Expo Center About CeMAT ASIACeMAT ASIA is the largest logistics technology equipment exhibition in China and even in Asia. It has never been disappointing for 18 years. This is the case. It is reported that the CeMAT ASIA 2018 has a scale of over 60,000 square meters. The conference includes system integration and solutions, automatic guided truck AGV, forklifts and accessories, conveyor sorting equipment, logistics robots, AUTO-ID, machine vision, Ten key thematic exhibition areas such as packaging equipment, lifting equipment and accessories, the core strengths of more than 600 logistics equipment industries from home and abroad will be gathered here. As we all know, the logistics industry is inseparable from the real economy, and it contains a rich industrial chain and huge industrial value. With the penetration of artificial intelligence, robotics and big data technology, the development of the domestic traditional logistics industry has entered an era of intelligence and flexibility. After the relevant national ministries and commissions issued the "Top Ten Industrial Revitalization Plan", China has also included the logistics industry into the "12th Five-Year Plan". The planning outline (draft) clearly stated that ¡°we must vigorously develop the on-site logistics industry and accelerate the establishment of a socialized, information-based, and specialized logistics system.¡± In this context, defying Ai Ruisi robots focused on ¡°AI+IoT¡± In the actual scenes such as smart logistics warehousing and smart factories, the practical needs of goods sorting and intelligent handling have created comprehensive solutions such as ¡°robot + warehouse management system + data analysis¡±, aiming to integrate artificial intelligence, internet of things and robotics. The way, we will continue to promote logistics, warehousing, factories and other industries to achieve intelligent, flexible technology upgrades, to achieve cost reduction and efficiency and create value for customers. In this year's CeMAT ASIA 2018, for the multi-dimensional, all-round real display of contempt for Ai Sisi's practical ability and cutting-edge innovation technology in the process of empowering urban terminals with AI+IoT, despise the Ai Ruisi exhibition area into three Most of them are used to display the intelligent robot open platform, the new intelligent handling robot series and the intelligent storage robot "goods to people" solution. Intelligent robot open platform application scenario business complex and changeable? Multi-vendor devices are not compatible? Does the production capacity of different production lines not match? System deployment implementation cycle is long? Is the scale of deployment cost high? NO!NO!NO!N questions 1 countermeasure! This is the easy use of the intelligent robot open platform developed by Vision. open! intelligent! Support Hybrid Cloud Deployment and Secondary Development CeMAT ASIA 2018 On-site We will demonstrate the intelligent workflow of the real simulation platform through real-time robot scheduling. At the same time, we will also focus on escaping Iris in this event. Intelligent, flexible and efficient series of new robots! They are the ? rack handling robot iWR800/ iWR1300 bin handling robot iSR200 pallet handling robot iPR2000 interactive experience "goods to people" solution in the storage scene picking, handling is often the most labor-intensive existence contempt for Ai Ruisi intelligent warehousing The robot ¡°goods to people¡± solution is designed to reduce the labor cost of storage and improve the efficiency of picking. In order to let everyone truly experience the intelligent operation process, CeMAT ASIA 2018 will despise the Aries robots to restore the scenes through the interaction of the lottery. Modernized sorting mode of management, multi-machine cooperation and human-computer interaction On the way to develop smart logistics industry, we hope to create targeted intelligent solutions for industry customers through core artificial intelligence and sensory intelligence technology to help customers reduce costs and increase efficiency. And create value and all the answers will be announced in the C1 exhibition area of ??W3 Hall, Shanghai New International Expo Center, CeMAT ASIA 2018, November 6-9Authentication is welcoming new technological innovations Now in many public places, we can access the places we need to enter through some fast channels. Authentication is no longer a process that needs to wait or need to be challenged. Because of the emergence of artificial intelligence technology, it has provided a more powerful support for identity verification. On the basis of AI, authentication has also ushered in a more efficient solution. Nowadays, if we need to go to some relatively large smart parks to work, we basically need to pass through the gates, and we need to sign in. The whole process requires manpower and resources. If you are in some large-scale parks, the number of people commuting every day is very high. More, this will also lead to time delays. Of course, that¡¯s only the past, because now the era of AI authentication has arrived, this more efficient authentication solution can further solve the various problems of authentication in these office parks and help them solve the problem efficiently. Authentication requirements. For example, many smart offices now have access control attendance systems, as well as check-in systems, face recognition gates, etc. These devices are actually hardware devices generated on the basis of AI authentication. They can realize the machine through data analysis of the terminal. Recognize the purpose of the face, so that each person passing through can be identified. Instead of sending a special person to station, it is only necessary to use the front-end camera to feedback the data to identify the true identity of the person passing through the level of milliseconds, and then further verify the user. Identity, to prevent strangers or some suspects from entering, to ensure the safety of the office. With AI identity verification technicians, the pass rate will be higher, and the company's resources can be optimized. More importantly, office security can also get a greater guarantee. In the process of saving manpower and material resources, Making the office scene more efficient and safer is beneficial to the long-term development of the company. In addition to the office area, there are many public areas, such as train stations, airports, etc., which have this type of AI authentication system and equipment. The popularity of these devices will further benefit more users, and it will also help the construction of smart cities. In the future, the technology of AI authentication will be further improved, the application will be more and more extensive, and the various information that will be fed back through this identity verification system will be more experienced and will be more and more fast. I believe that there will be more enterprises or users to charge, and get a more efficient solution to life and work from AI skills.Thai Deputy Prime Minister Qi Qi and Defiance Technology Explore AI Power in Thailand's Digital Economy Construction From November 6th to 7th, Thai Deputy Prime Minister Qi Qi visited Beijing, during which he met with Fu Yingbo, President of Defiance Technology. The cooperation content in Thailand's digital economy and smart city construction is discussed in depth. ¡ø Deputy Prime Minister Qi Qi and Vision Technology to discuss future cooperation direction During the talks, Fu Yingbo introduced the development of technology, talent, capital and business since the establishment of Vision Technology in 2011, and counted the ignorance of participation wisdom. Achievements in urban, smart finance, smart retail, smart warehousing, etc. He pointed out that contempt is the leading artificial intelligence enterprise in China, and the contemptuous face recognition technology has been ranked as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies by MIT Technology Review Magazine, ranking 11th among the world's smartest companies, July 2017. Defiance of technology as a representative of innovative enterprises to innovate Premier Li Keqiang. The new kinetic energy report and despised independent original technology won the high recognition of the Prime Minister. In 2018, Thailand proposed a large-scale economic reform plan "Thailand 4.0" strategy, focusing on creating an Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) that promotes long-term economic development, while seeking deep integration with China under the "Belt and Road" strategy. Among them, digital economy and smart city construction are important contents. ¡ø Deficit Technology President Fu Yingbo (second from left) reported to Vice Premier Qi Qi and his wife, according to the introduction of President Ying Bo. Defiance Technology has cooperated with the Thai government and enterprises in 2017. For example, advanced artificial intelligence technology based on the "urban brain" layout of contempt technology has been introduced into Thailand's public security protection to assist the Thai security department to accurately and effectively crack down on illegal and criminal activities and maintain social security. At the same time, based on face recognition technology, Vision Technology has also reached a cooperation with the Bank of Thailand to help it complete online real-name authentication and user identity verification. In the future, contempt for the deep participation in Thailand's digital economy and smart city construction, and the cooperation project in Thailand will become a model for Sino-Thai science and technology innovation cooperation. In this regard, Vice Premier Qi Qi welcomed: "At present, Thailand is carrying out digital economic construction, and hopes that foreign investors can develop related industries in the EEC Eastern Economic Corridor. I hope that Vision Technology can find a common foothold for cooperation between the two sides and carry out a complete set in Thailand. Investment, landing on the EEC, will promote the change of the overall economic structure of Thailand. The Thai government will give strong support. At the same time, Vice Premier Qi Qi also expressed his eager expectations and invitations to despise the participation of science and technology in promoting the cultivation of artificial intelligence talents in Thailand. The two sides stated that they will deepen the docking of the consensus reached around the meeting, formulate a work plan, and promote more cooperation. ¡øThe Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand and the President of Defiance Technology Fu Yingbo In the era of industrial and technological changes, artificial intelligence has increasingly become a new engine for economic and social development. Countries around the world have invested in the transformation of digital economy and the construction of smart cities. In the tide. As the world's leading provider of industry intelligence solutions, Vision Technology has always been global, and its products and solutions have entered Thailand, Singapore, Japan, South Korea and other countries. In the future, Defiance Technology will conduct more in-depth exchanges and consultations with Thai government and enterprises to achieve a win-win situation; it will further grasp historical opportunities, adapt to local conditions, strengthen exchanges and cooperation with countries around the world, promote artificial intelligence technology to the world, and benefit from artificial intelligence technology. All mankind"Zhongguancun - The Power of Change" is about to start broadcasting and ignoring technology. You will see the future. To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up, it is also the 30th anniversary of the establishment of the Zhongguancun Park. The Zhongguancun, a six-episode documentary produced by the Zhongguancun Science Park Management Committee and Beijing TV Station. The Power of Change recently held an opening ceremony and announced that it will be broadcast on Beijing Satellite TV at 22 o'clock every night from November 12 to 17, 2018. The documentary "Zhongguancun - The Power of Change" was held in Beijing. It is reported that "Zhongguancun - The Power of Change" is divided into six episodes with the theme of "Zhongguancun People's Innovation and Entrepreneurship History". The story of the struggle of Zhongguancun generations of entrepreneurs is The incisions are sorted out from the perspectives of ¡°breaking the ice¡±, ¡°breaking through¡±, ¡°leading¡±, ¡°challenge¡±, ¡°integration¡± and ¡°future¡±, showing people to see things and seeing small and big, showing Zhongguancun leading national innovation in the 40 years of reform and opening up. The fruitful results of development. Among them, Visionary Technology Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi was invited to appear in the sixth episode of "Thousands of sails to compete in Haitian Broad" to see the future of technological change. From students to creators, Vision Technology ¡°Inch¡± is not an unfamiliar name in the high-tech field. In 2011, Inch seized the opportunity of the times and shared with two other Tsinghua ¡°Yao Ban¡± students Yang Mu and Tang Wenbin. The establishment of Vision Technology, with artificial intelligence technology to drive a new round of technological change. It is well known that the founder and CEO of Vision Technology, thanks to the continuous advancement of mobile Internet, big data, and cloud computing, the innovation of artificial intelligence technology and the business operation mode have been leaps and bounds. Statistics show that in 2017, the global artificial intelligence core industry exceeded the scale of 37 billion US dollars, while China's artificial intelligence core industry accounted for more than 15%. It is estimated that by 2020, the global artificial intelligence core industry will reach a scale of 130 billion US dollars. It is not difficult to see that artificial intelligence is now a hot area in the world. In 2011, when the field of artificial intelligence was still quiet, the Indians who were still in the university entered the AI ??field, and the artificial intelligence was firmly determined to be the direction of entrepreneurship and even life, all of which showed Yinqi¡¯s grasp of the opportunities of the times. ability. Previously, the MIT TR released the "2018 Global 35 Under 35 Technology Innovations" list, and India, the only one that has just passed the year, is the only entrepreneur in the field of artificial intelligence. However, India¡¯s achievements are not achieved overnight. In the early days of the venture, the main business of Defiance Technology was a game called "Crows" by means of visual technology. The game was very downloadable at the time. However, Inca knows that the artificial intelligence technology is framed in the game field, and some are too limited. For those who have dreams of pursuing, this does not meet their long-term expectations. In order to provide strong support for technological innovation, Inge went to Columbia University to study for a doctoral degree in 3D camera. It is this spirit of bravely breaking through innovation and facing difficulties that has enabled Yinqi to win awards such as the Beijing Youth May Fourth Medal and Zhongguancun Innovation and Entrepreneurship Young Hero. Today, from the initial technical staff to the current entrepreneurial role, standing at the forefront of technological change, Inge is still learning and exploring new areas such as business models and corporate finance. Exploring, deep-cultivating, landing, leading the transformation Under the leadership of Yinqi, the seven-year-old Vision Technology has always adhered to a firm technical belief, continuously optimized self-research technology to shape the core competitiveness of enterprises, and constantly explored the frontier areas of artificial intelligence innovation, refreshing The height of Chinese AI technology. As of now, Vision Technology has won 22 international AI top competitions, including the 3 world champions of the 2017 Global Computer Vision Top Competition, the MS COCO + Places Joint Challenge, and 2018 The 4 World Champions in the MS COCO + Mapillary Joint Challenge. In addition, Vision Technology also has more than 800 patents granted at home and abroad, and is far ahead in the industry. At the same time, the application of ignoring technology AI technology has been continuously promoted and achieved fruitful results. Today, Vision Technology's artificial intelligence technology is deeply applied in financial, mobile, security, community, logistics and retail business scenarios. Among them, in the field of security, the face recognition technology with advanced technology has been entrusted to the public security system of more than 100 cities across the country, helping the police to crack more than 5,000 cases and providing intelligent solutions for major public events. In the field of mobile phone applications, Vision Technology has launched a series of mobile AI products such as face payment, face recognition unlocking, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, video beautification, 3D Animoji, etc. to meet different mobile phone manufacturers to unlock faces. The demand for image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing has reached deep cooperation with domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturers such as Huawei, Xiaomi, vivo and OPPO in less than one year. On this basis, the leading role of contempt technology has also been recognized by the government and industry. In 2014, Defiance Technology was recognized as a national high-tech enterprise; in 2015, it was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in Zhongguancun; in November 2016, it was selected as a leading technology enterprise in Guancun; in March 2017, it was rated as ¡°one-angle¡± by the Ministry of Science and Technology. Beast" enterprise, and ranked first in artificial intelligence enterprises. In May 2017, the core face recognition technology of Vision Technology was rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies by the famous American technology review magazine MIT Technology Review. At the same time, Vision Technology was the only artificial intelligence company in China. The most intelligent company"; In 2018, Vision Technology won the title of "Top Ten Double-Creation Hard-Building Demonstration Scientific and Technological Achievements"... It can be said that as the world's leading artificial intelligence technology enterprise, Vision Technology has long been a frequent visitor to various awards. Nowadays, the promotion of artificial intelligence technology innovation and landing has become a national-level strategy, and India has long-term planning and expectations for contempt technology. How will the future contempt technology be laid out? Where will the wave of change in China's science and technology field go? Please look forward to the upcoming six-episode documentary "Zhongguancun - The Power of Change", despise the technology and India to foresee the future with you!The era of artificial intelligence dividends: How does the face recognition algorithm increase the labor rate? As a new artificial intelligence technology, face recognition algorithm will be used more and more frequently in various fields in the future. In the report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, it is clearly stated that the future should integrate artificial intelligence with social and economic development, and use the advantages of artificial intelligence to promote the rapid development of social economy. Among them, various intelligent technologies and projects based on the face recognition algorithm will replace the traditional labor force and thus generate new economic growth points. According to relevant data, the frequency of using artificial intelligence technology to replace the traditional labor force is increasing in various developed countries around the world, and the labor force has indeed improved even after the face recognition algorithm is involved in certain work links. Various developed countries, including the United Kingdom and France, etc., have already made advances in the artificial intelligence to replace the traditional labor structure, and have achieved very good results, and have a very significant increase in labor rate. Results. Returning to China, the arrival of the era of artificial intelligence dividends has brought more hope to the country. The traditional labor structure will also change under the artificial intelligence pattern and move toward a more efficient road. Among artificial intelligence technologies, various science and technology projects based on face recognition algorithms will further change the traditional labor structure. For example, in the past, some cumbersome related projects that required human resources will be replaced by artificial intelligence machines, thereby increasing the efficiency of production and releasing more labor into the task of creativity. Secondly, in some special aspects, manpower is an indispensable labor force, but artificial intelligence technology can also be used as an alternative and auxiliary to assist relevant technicians to complete higher-tech labor-intensive projects, thus releasing greater Human value. It can be seen from the above two positive aspects that the arrival of the era of artificial intelligence dividends can indeed bring more energy to change the Chinese economy, especially the traditional labor structure, and bring about the improvement of labor and the creation of economic value. To promote the obvious role. In the future, the role of artificial intelligence in promoting China's economy will be reflected in more aspects. With the deepening of face recognition algorithms, this high-tech AI technology will gradually be popularized in various fields and played. More active and efficient. In the future, China's artificial intelligence dividend era will be more vibrant, and in addition to face recognition algorithms, new artificial intelligence technologies will be born.AI promotes smart security Smart campus continues to spread in the future When the AI ??era came, the slogan established by smart cities began to become the choice of the times. For the entire economic development society. An important standard for smart cities is AI, and AI can be embodied in many aspects, such as urban security. Security is a very important concept for human life safety, and it is also an important indicator for the establishment of a modern smart city. In the establishment of a smart park, the established intelligent security system based on AI is now gradually becoming Expand to the big scene. In the establishment of the smart park, the system that uses the monitoring system as the front-end sensor has been gradually established. In the scheme implemented by the entire smart park, the security work of the park can be further controlled through the AI ??data, through the camera and the sensor and the background. Data analysis to complete a series of coordination work. These include monitoring of strangers' visits in the park, as well as the pursuit of suspects, as well as other aspects of the residents' own safety, such as firefighting. The layout of AI data and the establishment of a smart campus have a higher feasibility plan. While benefiting urban dwellers, this program is also constantly improving the efficiency of public safety, allowing smart security to spread to more areas. Of course, at the same time as the implementation of the smart security program, we must also see what kind of improvement is needed in this future plan and concept. Where is its development direction? With the continuous improvement of AI technology, what new elements will be added in the establishment of the smart park? These are all we need to think about. For example, in modern times, the public security department is not limited to the requirement of video surveillance for the aspect of smart security, especially the surveillance video. There are still more complicated requirements, such as Video tracking, you can analyze more complex suspect information, etc. These are the direction of intelligent security layout under the ever-changing AI technology, and will only move toward an increasingly refined and comprehensive era. In addition, when the smart park is established, how can we better control the relationship between households, property, and public security, how can we better coordinate the division of labor, and through the AI ??data analysis of the terminal? Efficiently deploying the relationship between the three, this issue also needs to be considered by the founders of the future smart park. Of course, we believe that the continuous leap of AI technology will continue to provide more powerful technical support for solving these problems. Under the organization of the Ministry of Wisdom and Security, the implementation of smart cities will continue to make great strides!Looking at the future development of artificial intelligence market through real-name certification For the current development of China's artificial intelligence market, many people have a very big expectation, and in the future, artificial intelligence will continue to transform and benefit humanity. Nowadays, more precise artificial intelligence projects, including real-name authentication systems, are providing efficient service solutions for more living and office situations. Humans are almost inseparable from artificial intelligence. However, some people still worry that artificial intelligence will replace the status of human beings, thus losing some of the traditional industries or behaviors to their original value. Or will the next artificial intelligence winter come? For this problem, relevant artificial intelligence experts said that now, both China and the world, the development of artificial intelligence market has a more solid foundation. In the past, the reason why the artificial intelligence industry appeared to be decadent was mainly because the technical conditions at that time were still immature, and the implementation of the value of artificial intelligence was not optimized to a reasonable layout, so problems were inevitable. But it is different now, because artificial intelligence has developed to the present, and has a stronger foundation. For example, today's real-name certification covers all areas of life and work, and we almost need to use this artificial intelligence recognition technology when we operate or handle any service. For example, in Internet education, artificial intelligence can change the mode of education, which can create a smarter place, while real-name authentication can help users complete the identification and verification process, so that they can enjoy online Internet education more efficiently. A variety of quality services, but also to ensure the interests of operating brands. In addition, in the medical and health industry, more places need to use real-name certification to verify the information of each patient and the patient to reserve data, or the doctor can grasp the patient's body information through identification and intelligent analysis. And provide them with more accurate care solutions. In addition to these industries, the positive changes in artificial intelligence to agriculture are also obvious. For example, agriculture is gradually shifting to the process of automated planting, which is inseparable from the deployment of artificial intelligence technology. As such, artificial intelligence has been fully demonstrated. It has a stronger foundation in modern times. Through thousands of practices, it has been proven to be applicable to more categories and play its due role. For example, real-name authentication has become the standard for contemporary identity verification. It is convenient, efficient and accurate. This is the artificial intelligence technology that people need. These technologies are also constantly creating profits for users or enterprises, and giving them a more efficient office or living atmosphere through technological transformation. So in general, the future of artificial intelligence will be more optimistic, and the winter will go away.Despising popular products to light up the Wuzhen World Internet Conference to showcase the light of AI innovation As an important part of the World Internet Conference, the 5th "Light of the Internet" Expo is also coming, the world's most advanced Internet technology, new applications Once again gathered in Wuzhen. China Mobile's 5G experience car, Alibaba's one-stop smart experience hall, Gaode's ¡°One Map Tour Wuzhen¡±, Defiance Technology City Sky System, Smart Retail Solution, etc., in Industrial Internet, Smart City, New technologies and new achievements in the fields of e-commerce have all appeared in Wuzhen. Compared with traditional Internet companies such as BAT, some innovative companies that have emerged in the mobile Internet era are also worthy of attention. As one of the earliest companies to enter the field of artificial intelligence in China, Vision Technology has also started its latest original AI technology and products in the fields of security, mobile phone, car, retail, logistics, etc., and partner Amers Semiconductor (ams) ) Visit the main exhibition hall of the Expo to showcase. This year, the contempt exhibition area is still the hot spot of the Internet Light Expo. The products and solutions of the city's Sky 2.0 system, end-to-end intelligent security, smart retail, mobile AI, logistics robots, etc. Industry media, professional audiences have a wide range of concerns. It is understood that this year is the fourth time to despise the Expo on the Internet. Throughout the four years, I have despised the AI ??innovations presented at the Expo, from Sky 1.0 to Sky 2.0, from face recognition to human recognition, behavior recognition, and gestures. Identifying, from security to mobile, retail, logistics, car, cloud-to-software and hard-to-end, end-to-end, despise every year with practical action to interpret never-ending innovation. In 2018, contempt also introduced their new technologies, products and solutions at the fair. Defiance of security black technology concentrated on the explosion of the eye and then eye-catching security, is one of the earliest technical applications and vertical business areas. In recent years, contempt has proposed an end-to-end intelligent security solution, targeting the typical scenarios in the security business and the actual demands of the "love, finger, and diligence" linkage, through the "algorithm, technology, hardware products, solutions, data" full value Chain output helps public security users build a new intelligent security closed-loop system from front-end perception to cloud research and judgment to terminal applications. According to the defiance of the staff, today's immersive intelligent security of the cave portrait system, video structured analysis system, as well as smart cameras, portable portraits and other hardware products, has been in more than 100 cities across the country, and is also the G20 summit, Security technical support for major international events such as Xiamen Golden Brick Summit, Hainan Boao Forum, and SCO Summit. It is reported that contempt has also provided security technical support for the certification of the World Internet Conference in 2015. It is worth mentioning that Deterrence Technology also demonstrated the upgraded City Eyes 2.0 system at this expo, and this system has become one of the most eye-catching exhibits in the main exhibition hall. Combining big data and deep learning algorithms, the city's Sky Eye 2.0 system will take the lead in AI vision technology such as face recognition, pedestrian recognition, vehicle identification, trajectory tracking and video structuring, and urban security, urban transportation and urban governance. The combination of actual scene requirements can provide intelligent identification of key personnel in public security, traffic violations, and urban mobile vendors. On-site, despising this collection of advanced AI vision technology, the Tianyan system also provides visitors with real-time face recognition, portrait comparison, video structured analysis, black technology experience, and promotes contempt for "the sky" is always crowded . ¡ø Despise the city Tianyan 2.0 system to force the mobile AI innovation to build a personal IoT IoT network "brush face instant unlock", "brush face security payment", "master AI beauty" ... these are contempt in this fair Key words on its introduction to AI technology and solutions on the mobile side. With the rise of the AI ??application wave in the mobile phone industry, contempt has also entered the mobile phone industry early and is the first to introduce a mobile and AI-aware full-stack solution, from algorithm innovation, application development, equipment manufacturing to solutions, for industry customers. Implement AI empowerment. From the current mobile phone AI application on the market, despise face-based payment, face recognition unlocking, portrait light effect, portrait background blur, 3D Animoji and other mobile AI based on core deep learning and computer vision technology? The product has been deployed in the latest models released by many mobile phone manufacturers to meet their needs for face unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement, smart image and video processing. At the fair, contempt also showed 3D face unlock payment and 3D portrait light technology for OPPO Find X. ¡ø User experience defies the dense key point detection technology. In addition, the newly developed car AI vision solution was also unveiled at this year's fair. According to reports, Vision Technology has developed multi-scenario intelligent products and solutions in the front-loading and after-loading markets of automobiles. The core technologies include gesture recognition, expression recognition, line-of-sight tracking, and coordination with multi-modal human-computer interaction. Face recognition, driver status detection, vehicle collision and lane departure warning in intelligent and safe driving. Car AI visual empowerment is another important layout in AI innovation in mobile. AI has opened up retail and logistics scenarios to help commercial efficiency upgrades. In the retail industry, contempt has also brought new AI solutions this year. According to reports, for the offline retail scene data is missing, can not use the pain points of data-driven decision-making, ignoring the industry-leading computer vision algorithm and the object-aware terminal system, independently developed a new cloud service + smart terminal retail Industry Solutions. Through multi-dimensional perception and understanding of customer identity attributes, behavioral information and various types of data triggered by shelves and commodities, and then fusion analysis and deep mining of data, help merchants enhance the capability boundary of store operators, optimize business strategies and supply Chain management, in order to achieve cost reduction and efficiency in the process of store data. ¡ø Defiance of application display in security, retail, logistics and other scenarios on the retail supply chain side, contempt began to explore in 2018 and gradually put into action. On the retail supply chain side, the digital and intelligent upgrade of logistics and warehousing is becoming an urgent need of the industry. Relying on the strong research and development strength of powerful robots, big data, artificial intelligence and other core technologies, the company has created a logistics warehousing robot solution to meet the business needs of customer warehousing and sorting and intelligent handling through AI+ robot products. According to the contempt, in the logistics industry, contempt has reached strategic partnerships with many well-known domestic e-commerce warehousing, logistics and manufacturing companies, and through the construction of an open intelligent robot platform, to achieve cost reduction and efficiency for more partners, Create value. Regained the heavyweight awards, the technology was recognized by the organizing committee. With the advanced AI technology visual display and good interactive experience, the booth of Defiance Technology was received by the provinces and cities, all levels of units and various media and other participating audiences during the conference. Strong attention. During the Expo, the core results of the artificial intelligence in the contemptuous science and technology exhibition area were also reported by the media. ¡ø CCTV's set of evening news on the black technology report of contempt technology is worth mentioning, in this year's World Internet Conference released "World Internet leading scientific and technological achievements" list, defiance of science and technology original mobile end deep learning convolutional neural network ShuffleNet has also been successfully selected, which is the original core technology after the selection of industrial-grade face recognition technology in 2017, defying technology to be nominated for the world's leading Internet technology. Since the first exhibition in 2015, the previous World Internet Conference has witnessed the rapid growth of Vision Technology. At today's World Internet Conference booth, it is amazing to despise the product matrix and pioneering application scenarios built around AI+IoT. Through constant algorithm upgrades, product iterations, and countless self-breakthroughs, Defiance Technology has grown from a slightly new and emerging unicorn company to the global machine vision artificial intelligence industry leader and face recognition product leader. The more you appear on the world stage, the light of civilization, the light of the future and the light of wisdom that showcases China's science and technology! Looking to the future, looking forward to contempt can bring more extraordinary AI technology innovation and create more value for the society.Demystifying the story behind ¡°buy, buy and buy¡± defying Iris Technology's empowerment supply chain On November 6-9, the annual Asia International Logistics Technology and Transportation Systems Exhibition (CeMAT ASIA) was grandly held at the Shanghai International Expo Center. Held as the industry's leading provider of intelligent robot solutions, he defied Ai Ruisi robots with a number of intelligent handling robot products and solutions for logistics warehousing, smart factories, and launched the industry's first intelligent robot open platform To demonstrate to the industry the practical capabilities and cutting-edge innovations of AI+IoT enabled terminals. Enhancing the effectiveness of human effects and devouring the launch of the new family of intelligent handling robots. In this exhibition, a series of more flexible and flexible intelligent robot products exhibited by Iris have received wide attention. These include the iWR500, a smart storage and handling robot in the ¡°goods to the delivery¡± mode, the iWR1300 with 1.3 tons of extra-large capacity and unlimited expansion of multiple systems, and the iSR200 and iPR2000, which can be autonomously obstacle-based based on laser navigation and visual navigation. Accurate recognition and positioning of people, compatible with human-machine hybrid scenes. ? Despise the Ai Ruisi intelligent handling robot series in the contempt of the Iris exhibition area, the scorned rack handling robot can take the goods to be picked up according to the order task to the picking point, and the picking staff completes the picking at the picking point. The robot then transports the rack to the next picking point or moves back to the inventory area, with an accuracy rate of over 99.99%, which can improve the picking efficiency by 2-3 times, and greatly improve the human effect and efficiency of warehouse management. At present, the number of robots that Iris has implemented has reached more than 3,000. Not only widely used in e-commerce, new retail, 3PL (third-party warehousing), 3C, medical, food, daily necessities, industrial and automotive manufacturing industries, but also refreshed the single-ware robot cluster operation industry record, in the future of Tianjin No. "Cang, contempt for Ai Sisi and Xinyi Technology to realize the intelligent warehousing scene of 500 robots working together efficiently. Their main job is to complete the order and fast and accurate order selection, and these AGV robots become Tianjin warehouse this year. The main force of a period. The staff in the warehouse introduced: ¡°Tianjin warehouse has nearly 50,000 SKUs, large daily volume, manual sorting is difficult, labor intensity is high, and operating costs are high. After the introduction of storage robots, the number of workers is greatly reduced. Labor intensity, greatly improve warehousing efficiency, and achieve cost reduction and efficiency.¡± Open, easy to use, intelligent contempt Ayres launches intelligent robot platform. It is well known that in the context of new retail and intelligent manufacturing, enterprise warehousing faces improvement efficiency. And the dual challenge of reducing costs, intelligent robot automation solutions have become the core competitiveness, on the one hand, the business business is complex and changeable, it is difficult to form a standardized solution; on the other hand, robot manufacturers only provide equipment and control software, can not be proposed for business processes Complete solution. In this regard, contempt for Ai Ruisi hopes to solve the user's series of pain points by creating an open platform that is open, easy to use and intelligent. Its advantages are to support multi-device access, standardizable library areas and components of dockable business systems, scalability, support for hybrid cloud deployment and secondary development, enabling rapid deployment and cost-effectiveness for industry users. Based on the cloud-based workflow, the Iris intelligent robot platform can be widely applied to the intelligent and digital construction of factories and warehouses. For example, in the ¡°goods to person¡± transfer mode of the warehousing scene, the scornful intelligent robot open platform can effectively solve the situation of capacity mismatch between multiple site areas: the staff of the site area W1 and W2 call the empty shelf from the buffer area B. After loading, the goods are shipped to the buffer area B; the staff in the site area W3 calls the fully loaded shelves from the buffer area B, unloads the shelves, and leaves the shelves to the buffer area B. In terms of implementation cost, defying the intelligent robot open platform occupies a big advantage: the number of robots in general warehousing or factories increases with the amount of business, and the software cost of applying robots to do intelligent work increases, and needs to be based on different businesses. Different hardware is used for corresponding software customization development, and the labor cost and implementation cycle are uncontrollable. Defiance of Ai Ruisi's open platform can simultaneously access a variety of smart devices, while highly intelligent and abstracting intelligent operations, and providing a friendly, simple interface to connect MES, WMS and other business systems, not It will have too much impact due to changes in the number of devices and services, so the marginal cost is lower and the scale effect is obvious. With the change of times, industrial upgrading has become the top priority of society and economy. Under the premise of industrial 4.0, intelligent manufacturing and intelligent logistics, the industry needs new technologies and new ideas. As a strategic technology that leads a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, flexible manufacturing and other technologies have become an important strategic resource for China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading, and overall productivity jump. This is especially true in the robotics industry. In the face of huge industry upgrades, IResearch robots hope to contribute to the logistics industry and the manufacturing industry through the ¡°AI+IoT¡± technology and solutions. From unmanned warehouses to "smart warehouses", from "manufacturing" to "intellectual creations", defiance is advancing technological changes along with cutting-edge industry partners.Attack on China's AI Policy Dividend Since 2015, Smart Manufacturing has opened the road to artificial intelligence development. In 2016, Internet+ accelerated. In 2017, artificial intelligence was officially included in the national strategy. In 2018, local governments paid attention to artificial intelligence. The degree has also increased, and AI related development plans have been introduced. According to incomplete statistics, since 2016, local governments such as Beijing, Jiangsu, and Guizhou have first introduced AI-related development planning policies. In 2018, Heilongjiang, Hebei, Tianjin, Fujian, Sichuan, Guangdong and other provinces and cities have also followed up the "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" issued by the State Council last year, on the development of technology and applications, personnel training, and industrial scale. And the goal gives a general plan. For example, the ¡°Guangdong Province New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± officially announced by the Guangdong Provincial Government in August pointed out that by 2025, the core scale of Guangdong's artificial intelligence industry will exceed 150 billion yuan, driving the related industries to reach 1.8 trillion yuan; by 2030, the entire labor force The development of intelligent industries must enter the high-end link of the global value chain. As of October this year, more than 19 provinces and cities across the country have launched a new generation of artificial intelligence development plans. While actively responding to the national strategy, local governments are also trying to create a differentiated development direction related to the artificial intelligence industry by combining local resource advantages and development conditions. Among them, Beijing, Guangdong, Guizhou, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, and Anhui are the regions that are the first to implement IT informationization by policies, and they are relatively more active in the promulgation of artificial intelligence policies. In comparison, Hubei, Chongqing, Jiangxi, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Hebei, Tianjin, Fujian, Sichuan, Hebei and other places are still actively developing development plans, and there are no specific implementation rules. In addition to the introduction of relevant policies, the AI ??Conference was held, and the AI ??competition was held to compete for the establishment of enterprises. Since this year, various governments have staged AI competitions. Under the support and promotion of government policies, major universities have set up AI-related courses, established AI research institutes, and jointly established innovative laboratories to establish artificial intelligence joint laboratories. Even in the field of children's education, artificial intelligence education such as programming classes began to set off a wave of learning in the society. In fact, the core appeal of the AI ??policy led by local governments is to strengthen business incubation and innovation, and introduce and train high-end talents to drive the transformation of the local economy. It is worth mentioning that while governments at all levels are planning AI-related policies, there are also a series of initiatives in the scientific and technological cooperation between the Hong Kong SAR and the Mainland of China. It is understood that Hong Kong's latest "Budget" mentions the development of innovative technologies such as artificial intelligence. At present, Huawei and WeChat have set up innovation laboratories and artificial intelligence joint laboratories at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Alibaba has jointly established the Hong Kong Artificial Intelligence Laboratory with the Hong Kong Science and Technology Park. Sino-US AI policy wrestling: China has obvious advantages in latecomers, and concentrates on doing big things. China attaches great importance to the development of artificial intelligence, and has a more comprehensive top-level design of artificial intelligence. In March 2017, artificial intelligence was first written into the ¡°2017 State Council Government Work Report¡± and officially entered the national strategy. In July 2017, the State Council issued the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± (referred to as ¡°Planning¡±), clearly defining artificial intelligence as an important national development strategy for the future, and determining the strategic goal of ¡°three-step¡±: by 2020, The overall technology and application of artificial intelligence is synchronized with the world's advanced level. The artificial intelligence industry has become a new important economic growth point. The application of artificial intelligence technology has become a new way to improve people's livelihood. By 2025, the basic theory of artificial intelligence has achieved a major breakthrough, some technologies and applications. To reach the world's leading level, artificial intelligence has become the main driving force for China's industrial upgrading and economic transformation. The construction of intelligent society has made positive progress. By 2030, the theory, technology and application of artificial intelligence have reached the world's leading level, becoming the world's leading artificial intelligence innovation center. . On October 31, 2018, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, emphasized that artificial intelligence is an important driving force for a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is related to whether China can seize a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. Strategic issues. Under the strategy, it is necessary to focus on enhancing originality and focus on key core technologies to consolidate the foundation of the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence. According to the financial allocations of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the past years, science and technology expenditures have been the second largest fiscal expenditure outside education, and have maintained a scale of investment of more than 11 billion yuan from 2011 to 2017. 2011-2017 The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has allocated funds for science and technology over the years. At the same time, the investment of Chinese private capital in the field of artificial intelligence is also catching up. According to CBInsights' 2018 Trends in Artificial Intelligence, China's artificial intelligence start-ups accounted for 48% of the global total in 2017, more than doubled in 2016. In the international arena, the United States has long introduced a series of AI-related policies to support and regulate. In October 2016, the White House released "Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence" and the National Science and Technology Committee issued the "National Artificial Intelligence Research and Development Strategic Plan", which officially raised artificial intelligence to the US national strategic level. State-funded artificial intelligence research and development delineation strategies, and developed seven long-term US strategies in the field of artificial intelligence. Counting the development strategy of artificial intelligence over the years, we can find that the United States puts more emphasis on economic development and social services, so that new technologies can be fully applied. However, since the new President Trump took office, the US government has not continued to implement the AI ??strategic plan formulated during the previous president. It is reported that the Trump administration's fiscal expenditure in basic science and research has declined. According to the Ministry of Energy's advanced scientific computing research plan, the budget for FY 2019 is expected to be US$ 811 million, down from US$ 1.2 billion in 2016. 32.4%. Earlier, Eric Schmidt, the executive director of Google's parent company Alphabet, publicly stated in November last year that although US artificial intelligence can still maintain its lead in the next five years, it will soon be overtaken by China. In May 2018, the White House Summit in the United States revealed the Trump administration's new strategy for the development of artificial intelligence. It is understood that in October this year, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology announced that it will invest 1 billion US dollars to open a new Su Shimin School of Computer Science. This investment is by far the largest investment in computer and artificial intelligence in American academic institutions. Relatively speaking, the US government has some leading actions in the artificial intelligence development policy, but in recent years, Chinese policy has gradually turned to artificial technology, big data, cloud computing, Internet of Things and other emerging technology industries.Artificial intelligence technology in the field of public safety The continuous innovation of technology has enabled artificial intelligence to play an active role in many areas of urban life, such as urban public safety. Modern artificial intelligence technology can reach the level of commercialization, and there are many types of applications in the field of public security, including image recognition, video structure technology and intelligent big data analysis. These artificial intelligence technologies are further Benefiting urban life. Take image recognition technology as an example. In understanding this concept, we can simply understand it as a process of using computer to process and analyze images in detail. Through this process, users can identify images of different targets and objects in different modes and reach The purpose of tracking and identification. With the advancement of computer deep learning technology, modern image recognition technology has made a qualitative leap on the basis of traditional technology. The new technology has a higher recognition rate, and has a better accuracy and environmental resistance. The show is precisely because of the advancement of technology, enabling image recognition technology to be applied to more technology industries. Today, face recognition or image recognition technology based on deep learning, and a comprehensive breakthrough in the manual modeling mode, has obtained more powerful technical support in breaking the limitation. Especially in the actual working environment, it is also possible to learn and identify a large amount of data. Even if the identified factors and objects change, or complex interference occurs, today's image recognition technology can control this change. Even so, An excellent precision recognition process can still be achieved. Today, including transportation, life, video and ecology, and the application of image recognition and video recognition technology, artificial intelligence technology in the daily life, especially in the application of the technology industry, and become more and more Common, the maturity of technology also gives artificial intelligence technology a large number of mature applications. In addition, coupled with the promotion of policies and the popularization of artificial intelligence technology, coupled with the huge demand for modern urban public safety construction, artificial intelligence technologies including image recognition, video surveillance analysis, and data processing have broader application prospects. . In the future, intelligent video technology based on the cloud with higher-end convergence capability will become the mainstream, and the future development direction of artificial intelligence will continue to move toward the video structuring process, and in the near future, big data analysis and Artificial intelligence technology will also present an unprecedented degree of tacit understanding.Beijing Municipal Party Committee Secretary Cai Qi visited the Vision Technology Research Institute. On November 12th, Beijing Municipal Party Committee Secretary Cai Qi visited Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd., and the Beijing Municipal Committee Standing Committee and Secretary General Cui Shuqiang and Beijing Vice Mayor Yin Yong jointly investigated. During the investigation, Cai Qichao looked at the technology demonstrations such as the Sky-Eye System and the ¡°City Brain¡±. The company¡¯s co-founder and CEO Yin Qi reported to the company on the promotion of artificial intelligence technology innovation and business innovation practice. Cai Qi emphasized that the most representative of private enterprises in Beijing is Zhongguancun enterprises and private technology enterprises. Party committees and governments at all levels should conduct in-depth visits to service enterprises and send ¡°service packages¡± to provide one-on-one services for enterprises. Enterprises create a better development environment. Vision Technology is an artificial intelligence enterprise founded in Zhongguancun, Beijing. It has more than 900 patents granted by domestic and international artificial intelligence (more than 440 authorized), and the core face recognition technology developed by the company is rated as the global ten in 2017. Big breakthrough technology. In the fields of finance, mobile phone, security, logistics, retail, etc., face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robot products have been widely used. ¡ø Cai Qi listened to Vision Technology co-founder and CEO Yin Qi report artificial intelligence technology and business innovation Cai Qi pointed out that innovation is the life of Zhongguancun enterprises. Only originality can lead. Defiance of technology must increase key core technology research and continue to make new breakthroughs. It is necessary to strengthen the connection between technology and demand, apply artificial intelligence innovation results to the construction of smart cities, provide technical support in the fields of public management and security protection, and help improve the level of urban governance. We must make good use of the city's high-tech industry policies, do better and better, and strive to be the smartest company in the world. At the symposium, Cai Qi emphasized that all levels and departments must insist on visiting the service enterprise system, continuously optimize the business environment, and fulfill various policies. We must support enterprises to achieve more breakthrough results in original innovation, and strive to cultivate more unicorn companies and invisible champion enterprises. In response to the development needs and problems of enterprises, relevant departments should study and solve them one by one. ¡øYin Yong, deputy mayor of Beijing, delivered the ¡°service package¡±Defiance of Science and Technology to Participate in the Construction of Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute On November 14, at the opening ceremony of the 2018 China (Beijing) International Technology Transfer Conference, the Beijing Zhiyuan Action Plan was officially released. Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence Research (Beijing Academy) The Artificial Intelligence, BAAI) was unveiled. Party Secretary and Minister of the Ministry of Science and Technology Wang Zhigang, deputy secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee and Mayor Chen Jining attended the meeting. Desperate Technology was invited as one of the co-constructed units of Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute. Deco-Tech Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi and the Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission Director Xu Qiang and Haidian District Mayor Dai Binbin jointly unveiled the institute. . ¡ø "Beijing News" reported that Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute was established, defiance of science and technology as one of the co-construction units, Visionary Technology Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi (fifth from right) attended the opening ceremony of Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute Chen Jining In his speech, the mayor pointed out that Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute is another important new research and development institution after Beijing's brain science and brain research center and quantum information science research institute. The institute will bring together the superior units in the field of artificial intelligence, such as Peking University, Tsinghua University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Vision Technology, adopting new scientific research organizations and talent introduction and training models to promote the development direction of artificial intelligence and theories, methods, tools and systems. A key breakthrough. Beijing will bring government, business and social data to this platform, build new open source artificial intelligence tools, and integrate the computing power of universities and large enterprises into various AI R&D institutions, welcoming global artificial intelligence research. People participate in the use. Xu Qiang, director of the Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission, announced the Beijing Zhiyuan Action Plan. Under the guidance and support of the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Beijing Municipal Government, the plan is jointly proposed by government departments, enterprises, universities, institutes, etc. It is the top-level design of Beijing's service artificial intelligence development, and is an action plan that embodies the wisdom of all parties. In accordance with the deployment of the Beijing Zhiyuan Action Plan, the Beijing Science and Technology Commission and the Haidian District Government promoted the establishment of the Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research Institute. The institute relies on the superior units of artificial intelligence in Peking University, Tsinghua University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Vision, to build an open service platform, hold an artificial intelligence summit, coordinate the promotion of joint laboratories and personnel training, and adopt an internationally-oriented, flexible and autonomous operating mechanism. The implementation of the Institute "lightly loaded" and "run faster." As a leading technology enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China, Defiance is one of the earliest technology companies in China to develop artificial intelligence applications using deep learning methods. Based on the self-originating AI technology system, it despise the innovative research and development capabilities at all levels including training engines, core algorithms, basic platforms, and intelligent products. In the industrial practice, through the AI+IoT collaborative development strategy, it has despised the self-developed face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robot products widely used in finance, mobile phones, security, In the fields of logistics and retail, we will help the industry and society to achieve intelligent upgrades. In the future, Defiance Technology will rely on its own advantages in artificial intelligence technology research and development, platform construction, data mining, talent integration and other aspects to participate in the Beijing Zhiyuan Action Plan, and build Beijing Zhiyuan Artificial Intelligence Research with Beijing and industry chain partners. hospital. Leading innovation to open source and data integration, exploring the construction of intelligent innovation ecosystem; integrating talents, production, research and research resources to achieve major core theoretical breakthroughs in artificial intelligence; leveraging AI+IoT industry empowerment practices to accelerate artificial intelligence frontier technology Industrialization and social application. Promote Beijing to become the source of global artificial intelligence academic thinking, basic theory, top talents, enterprise innovation and development policies, support the development of artificial intelligence industry, promote the deep application of artificial intelligence, change the life of human society and change the world.Looking at the employment trend of the smart security industry from the artificial intelligence landing security industry is an industry that comes into being with the security needs of modern society. It can be said that as long as there are crimes and unstable factors in the society, the security industry will exist and develop. At present, the demand for equipment in the security market is still one of the fastest growing markets. Industry with the closest combination of smart security With the development of high-definition video, intelligent analysis, cloud computing and big data, security is moving from traditional passive defense to active judgment and early warning. The industry is also moving from a single security field. Industry application, improving production efficiency, and improving the direction of life intelligence. The rapid development of artificial intelligence technology has actively promoted the security field to move toward a more intelligent and humanized direction, mainly reflected in the following aspects: smart transportation, smart buildings, smart communities, and smart policing. Artificial intelligence technology is the future of the security industry. Artificial intelligence is the future of security. On the road to the future, there are still many obstacles and difficulties that need to be overcome and overcome, but the overall trend is optimistic. From the algorithm to the demand, the security field with unique advantages is constantly advancing the comprehensive industrialization of artificial intelligence in the security field. 1. Video structuring (identification and extraction of video data) In the security field, video surveillance is undoubtedly an indispensable part. With the acceleration of the construction of smart cities and safe cities, the information redundancy caused by the massive image and video information generated by the security system every day has also spawned the application of computer vision technology with artificial intelligence in the security field. 2, biometric technology (fingerprint recognition, face recognition, etc.) Currently, face, fingerprint, iris three recognition is a widely used biometric method. The fingerprint belongs to the contact recognition method, and the face and the iris belong to the non-contact identification mode, and the three complement each other. 3. Object Recognition System At present, the most important application of object recognition system in the security field is the license plate recognition system. The technology of license plate recognition has been used in the security industry for a long time. The technology is relatively mature, and the application of artificial intelligence improves the accuracy of license plate recognition. rate. Only the artificial intelligence brain with independent, individualized and constantly evolving and perfecting can solve the increasing demand in the security field, become the experts and assistants of the users, enhance the intelligence level of the entire security field, and promote the upgrading of the security industry. Employment trends in the security industry As one of the world's largest security markets, China will continue to lead the global security market. Compared with developed countries and regions, the current video surveillance penetration rate of security equipment in China is still at a low level, which means that China's security market still has a lot of room for growth, and the market potential is huge. In other words, for a long time to come, China will continue to play the role of the first engine of global security growth. Looking at the world, China's security manufacturers are not only spectacular in terms of volume and growth rate, but also in the forefront of the industry in terms of security technology innovation and overall solution capabilities. Especially in the current situation of deep integration of security technology and AI, China has become the center of security technology innovation. China's security leaders, including Hikvision and Dahua, have become the pioneers of global technological innovation. According to statistics, in 2017, the total output value of China's security industry reached 620 billion, and the industry growth rate was 14.8%. In addition, the "13th Five-Year Plan (2016-2020) Development Plan of China's Security Industry" pointed out: during the "13th Five-Year Plan" period The security industry will transform and upgrade to scale, automation and intelligence. By 2020, the total revenue of security enterprises will reach 800 billion yuan, with an annual growth rate of more than 10% and an industry added value of 250 billion yuan. Embracing artificial intelligence "People's Daily" reported on artificial intelligence data: It is estimated that by 2020, China's artificial intelligence (AI) industry will exceed 150 billion yuan, driving related industries to more than 1 trillion yuan, such rapid growth and development. There will inevitably be a large demand for talent. Some industry insiders believe that the ratio of supply and demand of domestic artificial intelligence talents is only 1:10, and supply and demand are seriously unbalanced. Zhou Ming, deputy director of the Education and Testing Center of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, also revealed to the media in 2016 that there is a gap of more than 5 million talents in artificial intelligence in China. In the past two years, this gap will become larger and larger.2018 Chongqing International Mobile Phone Show | Defiance of technology and software innovation leads the future of mobile phones On November 15th, the second Chongqing International Mobile Phone Show hosted by Chongqing Economic and Information Committee and hosted by Mobile Newspaper was held in Chongqing as the current domestic The largest mobile phone industry event with the largest scale and the most complete industrial chain, this year's exhibition gathered nearly 300 enterprises in the upstream and downstream of the mobile phone industry to present and exchange cutting-edge innovations. As the leading provider of soft and hard integrated smart terminal solutions in China, Vision Technology also participated in a number of original mobile phone AI visual innovation products, and won the "2018 China Mobile Phone Industry's Most Influential Enterprise" award, which fully demonstrated its contempt Create extraordinary power on the new AI Phone. At the Chongqing International Mobile Phone Show in 2017, Defiance has won the ¡°Top Ten Excellent Suppliers in the Mobile Phone Industry¡± for its R&D and application breakthroughs in face recognition unlocking technology. After a lapse of one year, the sharpness of the AI-enabled mobile phone has not diminished, and further promotes the future direction of AI Phone in the mobile phone industry. Especially in the upgrade process of mobile phone AI vision, in order to bring more detailed and comprehensive intelligent operation experience to users, the mobile phone products of various manufacturers began to cooperate with the upgrade of software and hardware to enhance AI vision capability. In the past year, based on the deep understanding of the mobile phone industry, in the practice of developing mobile phone AI vision applications, the business has been upgraded to create a software and hard phone that covers algorithms, applications, solutions and hardware. AI vision solution, and successfully developed a series of mobile AI products such as face recognition unlocking and payment, AI portrait light effect, AI micro-shaping, smart beauty, 3D bionic sensing technology, including Huawei, Xiaomi, vivo, More than 100 million mobile phone devices from domestic first-line mobile phone manufacturers such as oppo bring subversive AI visual upgrades such as face unlocking, image enhancement, camera enhancement and video processing. These are the technological innovations and achievements in the forefront of the industry. Only promoted contempt for growth as "the most influential enterprise in the 2018 China mobile phone industry." At the 2nd Chongqing International Mobile Show, Vision also demonstrated the face recognition unlocking, AI portrait light effect, smart beauty and 3D bionic sensing, car AI vision and other soft based on deep learning and computer vision technology. A hard-integrated smart terminal AI vision product. Mobile phone AI application innovation in the AI ??empowerment of mobile phone unlocking, despising the face recognition unlocking technology based on the original deep learning engine MegBrain and mobile-side convolutional neural network ShuffleNet, can adapt to high-end and low-end mobile phone chips and single-shot, Dual-camera, 3D camera module, efficient RGB face unlocking, zero-light infrared face unlocking, monocular/binocular structured light and ToF face unlocking. In terms of performance, the unlocking speed is less than 100 milliseconds, which can achieve high-speed fluency of bright screen and unlocking. In addition, scorn reduces the unlocking misunderstanding rate to one in a million, and it also has a payment level while ensuring convenience. safety. Despise the underlying technology of mobile phone AI vision application - the key point of face is dense in self-timer, contempt is also based on self-developed facial key point detection, facial 3D modeling, human body segmentation, 3D light effect rendering algorithm and other core technologies to create AI portrait light effect and intelligent beauty application, allowing users to enjoy the studio-level lighting effect and the star-rated beauty and beauty experience with only the mobile phone. 3D biomimetic sensing technology despise 3D bionic sensing technology based on binocular structure optical module. With the increasing demand for 3D-sensing applications, the contempt team is also working hard to create 2.5D and 3D visual perception solutions. Adapt to 2.5D dual-pass, 3D structured light, binocular structured light, ToF and other modules. At this exhibition, contempt also debuted the 3D vision overall solution based on binocular structured light, which includes contempt from optical design, platform development to IQ evaluation and Tuning, as well as 3D basic algorithms and 3D application algorithms. The process independent research and development and innovation, in the continual optimization and adjustment of the contempt team, defying the 3D bionic sensing technology based on binocular structure light in the indoor Depth precision range from 20cm to 1.2m, the measured data surpasses iPhone X; Under the outdoor light of 100,000 Lux, the depth map effect of the real face is not lost to the iPhone X. And in terms of cost control, the cost of the solution can currently achieve the lowest level of similar binocular structure light scheme, and has good productivity and deliverability. In addition to bringing the product display on the mobile phone side, the car AI vision solution will also bring the car AI vision solution developed in the field of smart terminals to the exhibition for demonstration. For the AI ??technology application upgrade in the automotive industry, the AI ??vision solution created by the scorn has adopted self-developed AI vision algorithms such as face recognition, gesture recognition, expression recognition, and line-of-sight tracking, combined with infrared camera modules to accurately identify Driver identity (face recognition unlocks the door, face recognition starts the engine), detects driving status and behavior (yawning, closing eyes, bowing, shaking your head, calling, smoking, etc.) to ensure the safety of the driving process. Not only that, but the car AI vision solution with the car intelligent system, can also support more than 20 static / dynamic gestures, common scenes such as pick up / hang up the phone, volume adjustment, control media playback, etc.; support four emotion recognition, combined with voice The assistant can make the boring and long driving journey interesting and interesting; its sight tracking technology can also be applied to the intelligent interaction between the vehicle equipment. At present, it deserves to provide multi-scenario intelligent products and solutions in the front and rear loading markets, and has already reached an in-depth cooperation with Weilai Automobile in vehicle AI vision solutions. Nowadays, the penetration of AI in the industry has entered an accelerated period, and the combination with various fields of terminal equipment has become the only way for AI to bring transformation and upgrade to the industry. In the field of mobile terminals, mobile phones as an important device for carrying human digital life and work, the combination with AI will not only bring a new round of market vitality to the industry, but also bring unprecedented convenience, efficiency and entertainment to people. Life and work experience. At present, Vision has given AI a personal IoT, providing AI vision solutions for mobile terminals such as mobile phones and automobiles as one of its important development directions. Future contempt will continue to focus on mobile intelligent terminal identification and certification. In the fields of computing photography and 3D perception, we have completed more technical innovations and landings of soft and hard integration, and let AI fully benefit everyone. Face recognition software assists in catching fugitives Artificial intelligence market ushers in development Some time ago, the incident of frequent fugitives in Zhang Xueyou's concert became a hot topic in the city. Everyone is well-rounded, the number of concerts of big stars will naturally not be small, basically the mighty, Renshan people, but why can the police repeatedly pick up the fugitives from the crowd? All weapons are in face recognition software. As the core of today's recognition technology, face recognition software plays an important role in many fields and has a major impact on China's artificial intelligence industry. Through face recognition software, the public security department can identify the characteristics of fugitives in dense crowds, and use facial recognition technology to further detect specific targets in the crowd through digital images. Face recognition has a lot of working methods, but it is inseparable from the model built on the basis of data. In the actual work process, facial recognition includes a lot of different work content, including the difference between people's appearance, gender, age, and identity. We can use this face recognition technology as a human brain neural network, or data to gradually make the network more mature, and then let it have the learning function, so that it can cope More complex identification sites. The fugitives at the Jacky Cheung concert were actually captured through this technology. The facial recognition technology gave the public security department more precise and quick arrest conditions, so that they could find the escaped faster and better. Prisoners provide a stronger foundation for maintaining public order. The current application of face recognition software has not only been applied to the arrest of prisoners, but also to the retail, marketing and financial industries, and plays a very important role. At the same time, the benefits of face recognition software-related products are also very large, which further highlights the business opportunities in the artificial intelligence market. Face recognition software brings convenience to users' daily life and also provides greater convenience for the establishment of smart cities. It is reported that China's artificial intelligence market is facing a period of vigorous development, market share is increasing, and the development process of face recognition software is constantly deepening and spreading to more different levels. With the development of face recognition technology, everyone can use artificial intelligence in the future, and enjoy the convenience that artificial intelligence technology brings to their lives and work. Face recognition technology will be further expanded in the application category, and achieved more brilliant results.The positive impact of artificial intelligence authentication on future education Education is a national plan. The combination of modernity, education and artificial intelligence provides a new development direction and a broader development platform for the development of modern education. More labor Smart technology can be applied to education, such as authentication. Now, in the creation of a smart education environment, artificial intelligence can provide more powerful technical support for the design of this large environment. In the campus environment based on the wisdom of the Internet of Things, the traditional operation links can be changed through more high-end AI technologies, and the efficiency of intelligent education can be effectively improved. Authentication is one of the most representative cases, which can be more effective in the field of campus security detection and early warning. For example, in the entire campus campus, security is very important, how to ensure the identity of each visitor, and the identity of strangers entering, this time authentication will play an important role. Through the operation of big data, the front-end monitoring system can monitor the identity information of each visitor or visiting user and authenticate it, thus providing greater security for campus security. In addition to being able to identify visitors, authentication can also play a big role in the establishment of smart classrooms. It can record the identity of each student participating in the smart classroom and complete the attendance process. The many advantages displayed by smart classrooms can further change the educational environment of students. For example, they can cooperate remotely, and they can also interact with data. They can also integrate humans and humans. Many advantages are combined to improve students' learning. effectiveness. In addition, authentication provides technical support for intelligent learning remote support, providing a more convenient identification system for online classes. In addition, you can participate in smart education evaluation, and provide a higher recognition scheme for the teacher's identity video. In addition to identity verification, the combination of artificial intelligence and education can be reflected in many different aspects, such as the monitoring of learning burden monitoring and early warning, as well as the companionship of intelligent learning robots, which can provide more for children's learning. Convenience provides a better foundation for companionship learning. Through all of the above, we can further understand the impact of artificial intelligence on the future development of education, and this impact will also move toward a more intelligent and more efficient pace.Despise Wisdom Education Solution, Full Scene, Innovation and Foundry Safety From November 17th to 19th, the 75th China Education Equipment Exhibition hosted by China Education Equipment Industry Association, Jiangxi Provincial Education Department and Nanchang Municipal People's Government, in Nanchang The Greenland International Expo Center is held. As an IoT solution provider with artificial intelligence as its core, Vision Technology brought the newly developed artificial intelligence education products and solutions to the site and made its debut at this exhibition. ¡ø Defiance of the 75th China Education Equipment Exhibition accompanied by the in-depth development of China's education information technology, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, cloud computing and other emerging technologies have begun to broaden the field of education industry, promote educational equipment, teaching mode, teaching environment Deep innovation in other aspects. In this process, ¡°AI+ Education¡± stands out as the development trend of the future education industry. In the strategic layout of AI-enabled business IoT, Vision Technology has also begun to explore the upgrade thinking of integrating AI into the education industry, and will create an industry-leading soft and hard integrated smart education solution as a key breakthrough direction for its business. At this year's China Education Equipment Exhibition, Destiny demonstrated its smart education products and solutions covering the whole field of smart teaching, smart management and smart logistics for the first time, attracting many professional visitors to stop and experience. ¡ø Mr. Zhang Shaogang, Executive Vice President of China Education Technology Association, visited the booth and despised the wisdom education solution to despise the wisdom education solution. It is a sneak peek at the needs of the actual scene of the campus, based on self-developed face recognition and other sophisticated AI vision. Technology, efficient platform development and hardware innovation capabilities to create industry solutions, including classroom teaching evaluation system, intelligent time and attendance system, campus security system, dormitory management system, personnel verification system, access control system, conference sign-in system, etc. Integrated smart education products. Through flexible and innovative products, terminals that adapt to rich scenes, and cloud platforms with excellent performance, Vision Technology makes it possible to implement refined, secure and humanized campus management, and has given new dynamism to improve the level of education information and intelligence. In order to realize the AI ??reform teaching mode, the wisdom teaching promotes the teaching efficiency and quality, and despise the creation of a new classroom intelligent attendance system and classroom teaching evaluation system. ¡ø Despise the classroom intelligent attendance system equipped with high-definition cruise camera to despise the classroom intelligent attendance system, by defying the self-researched attendance camera, no dead-angle cruise shooting classroom and automatic zoom shooting of the face; together with the scorn classroom intelligent attendance host box MegBox -B2D's intelligent analysis ability, verifying the identity of students in class by means of face recognition verification, and achieving intelligent attendance without perception and cooperation. Compared with the traditional name attendance and credit card attendance, ignoring the classroom intelligent attendance system can greatly improve the efficiency of attendance and reduce the workload of teachers. ¡ø Despise the classroom teaching evaluation system equipped with attendance and behavior analysis camera MegEye-C3V-920. In the classroom teaching evaluation system, ignoring the self-developed face recognition, behavior recognition, expression recognition and other technologies, integrated in attendance and behavior analysis In the camera MegEye-C3V-920 and behavior analysis server, through the real-time structural analysis of classroom video data, feedback multi-dimensional classroom data such as student behavior, expression, concentration, and front-up attendance rate, assisting teaching evaluation and evaluation. Defiance of classroom teaching evaluation system can effectively solve the problem that traditional teaching has a single dimension of teaching quality assessment, teachers can not pay attention to all students, lack of comprehensive and efficient closed-loop feedback, provide classroom teaching effect feedback, help teachers improve teaching modes, methods, and improve teaching. quality. Smart management addresses the deficiencies and problems in the management of campus security protection, student status review, and examiner identification, defiance of people as the core, giving full play to the technical advantages of face recognition in security and auditing scenarios, and creating campus security System, personnel certification system, assist campus security and information management. ¡ø Despise the person's card verification and verification machine, strictly check the student status and the examination room identity and despise the campus security system, and deploy the face at the bayonet location of the key places in the campus (such as the main entrance, school entrance, dormitory door, library entrance, etc.) The capture machine can perform high-level face detection and capture on the person passing through the bayonet, realizing real-time stranger warning, blacklist comparison alarm and face retrieval, and improve campus security. Despising the human witness verification system, by defying the R&D personnel verification and verification machine, it can also check the student¡¯s student status, and realize the student¡¯s photo, photo ID, and student¡¯s own verification. Early warning; the identity verification of the candidates, combined with the ID card, the admission ticket, the registration information, the face verification method is used to verify the identity of the candidates, to effectively crack down on frauds such as taking the test, taking the test, and creating a fair and equitable credible examination room. . Smart logistics ¡ø despise M5 smart panel machine, face recognition hemisphere machine, face recognition gate, create campus wisdom logistics, do a good job in campus teaching, safety work, integrate new technology into campus life, change the school logistics service, It has also become an important part of the intelligent construction of educational information. Defiance of the smart logistics also introduced the dormitory management system, access control system, conference sign-in system and brush face payment system to create a smart campus life and work environment for teachers and students. Based on the advanced intelligent products such as M5 smart panel machine, face recognition hemisphere machine and face recognition gate, the contempt can provide face recognition technology for campus dormitory, teaching building and conference room. Quick pass and check-in experience; especially in the dormitory scenario, the contempt dormitory management system can also analyze and analyze various conditions such as bedtime, bedtime, and number of late arrivals in real time, helping the instructor to obtain comprehensive and detailed students. In bedtime information, improve the efficiency and safety of dormitory management. In addition, contempt is also promoting the application of the brush face payment system in major campuses, and combining the ¡°Campus One Card¡± system to comprehensively enhance the intelligent consumption experience upgrade of campus teachers and students. Education, which determines the future of mankind, also determines the future of mankind. Education is a cause of decisive significance to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. Education is good for the country, and education is strong for the country. In the era of rapid development of science and technology, education must also integrate advanced technology to truly achieve prosperity. In the planning and layout of the education industry in the National Medium- and Long-Term Education Reform and Development Plan (2010-2020) and the Education Informatization 2.0 Action Plan, it is clearly pointed out that it is necessary to speed up the process of educational informationization and promote labor. The whole process application of intelligence in teaching and management. At present, ignoring wisdom education has helped Tsinghua University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Zhengzhou University, and more than 100 colleges and universities in the People's University of China to upgrade the smart campus. In the future, ignoring wisdom education will continue to closely follow the country's policy guidelines, and in-depth understanding of the diverse needs of the campus, using AI innovation and one-stop service capabilities to create an omni-directional interactive campus teaching, comprehensive perception of the campus The environment, efficient and coordinated campus management, and convenient and convenient campus life are all efforts to promote the education and intelligence of Chinese education and enable more people to enjoy the quality education of science and technology.Smart Campus: Breaking the ¡°information island¡± and cultivating the intelligent community ecology Smart campus is the advanced form of university informationization. It uses cloud computing, Internet of Things, mobile internet, big data, artificial intelligence, social network, knowledge management, virtual reality. Such as various emerging information technologies, comprehensively perceive the campus physical environment, intelligently identify the learning, work scenarios and individual characteristics of the teachers and students. At the same time, establish a virtual image of campus in the cyberspace, connect the physical space of the school and the digital space organically, master the law of campus operation and feedback and control the physical space through the calculation of cyberspace, and establish an intelligent and open educational and teaching environment for teachers and students. Facilitate a comfortable living environment, change the way teachers and students interact with school resources and environment, carry out personalized and innovative services based on people, realize the wisdom of schools, and support schools to carry out wisdom education. Based on the design and implementation of the smart campus design, this study breaks the boundaries of business departments and the ¡°information islands¡± of business systems by building a unified data center, unified business process network and unified service portal throughout the school. A consistent ¡°information road network¡± within the scope, thereby improving the efficiency of various business links such as teaching, research and management. Research progress at home and abroad In the 1970s, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology first proposed the "Electronic Campus" program. In 1990, Kenneth University professor Kenneth first proposed the concept of ¡°digital campus¡± and presided over the ¡°Digital Campus Project¡± (hereinafter referred to as CCP) research project. Since the implementation of the CCP program, the US government has promulgated and implemented the National Education Technology Plan in 1996, 2000, 2005, and 2010 to realize the ¡°human, machine, road, and network¡± connection from primary school to university. It has completely changed the way, means and process of combining higher education teaching and learning in the United States, and has made the informationization of American education always at the international leading position. The United States has always followed the strategic principle of ¡°information technology for education reform and development¡± and has undergone a process of change from ¡°emphasizing the structural structure system application operation effect structure adjustment¡± to the digital campus and the smart campus. The United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and other countries have also developed and implemented a series of educational informationization promotion plans, such as the United Kingdom has introduced the "education highway: forward plan" "2010-2012 education development strategy", Australia launched " The roadmap for the implementation of the digital education revolution, New Zealand has developed the ¡°School Digital Learning Action Plan¡±, and Japan has implemented the ¡°School Networking Plan¡±. These action plans and strategies provide typical examples and experiences for other countries to implement the transition from digital campus to smart campus. Affected by foreign countries, China's college education informatization has also experienced the development process from electronic campus to digital campus and smart campus. Since the 1980s, China's college education informatization has experienced more than 30 years of development. From the early computerization, campus network construction, to the mid-term network information system construction and digital campus integration and integration, the recent emphasis on business processes Optimization and service integration, information technology is increasingly integrated into the education and teaching business of colleges and universities, and informationization of colleges and universities has begun to enter the stage of smart campus construction. On the other hand, with the widespread application of emerging information technologies such as cloud computing, Internet of Things, mobile internet, big data, Internet +, artificial intelligence, social networks, and virtual reality in universities, the integration of information technology and education and teaching services is coming. The deeper the informatization of colleges and universities, from the development of management information to the comprehensive informationization of education and teaching, the relationship between information technology and education and teaching evolved from combination and integration to integration and innovation, which promoted the conception, development and construction of the concept of smart campus. The goal and concept of smart campus construction From the user's point of view, the campus breaks the boundaries of traditional business systems and builds a flat, easy-to-operate, search engine-style unified open and scalable information and service platform. The platform carries all kinds of business and information of colleges and universities, realizes visual presentation of data assets, statistical analysis and decision-making, and fosters online intelligent community ecology of teaching, research, management and life in colleges and universities. The platform includes online transaction center, big data center, online community platform, information center, personal workbench, mobile portal and so on. The construction of a smart campus is a complex system project, and the following four concepts should be followed. IntelliSense. Applying IntelliSense technology to sense, capture, collect and transmit real-time data of various environments, resources and activities related to teaching, research, management and life in the physical campus, and realize the operation status of teachers and students on campus. The comprehensive perception of the trajectory of work and life, the interaction between teachers and students and the campus environment provides a perceptual support for the comprehensive dataization of the smart campus. The data is in volume. Data is the foundation of a smart campus and a core asset of a smart campus. In the smart campus, all kinds of information such as the basic state of people and things, various activities and environmental interactions should be fully dataized. Data should be connected, shared, factorized, and fully processed. Data connections should be extensive, and feedback should be generated through connections. And interaction, thus inspiring the innovation and integration of ¡°chemical reaction¡±. The process is phase. The process is the carrier for the generation, circulation and use of data. It is the method and way to realize the activities of teaching, research, management and life in the smart campus. The smart campus can be regarded as a large-scale ¡°real-time collaborative division of labor network¡± composed of teachers and students and various types of equipment as ¡°nodes¡±. The division of labor between teachers and students and various types of equipment ¡°nodes¡± through the construction of a unified business process network achieve. In the process, data is also generated, streamed, and used through a unified business process network. Service is used (teacher-student-oriented). Breaking the boundaries of the physical campus, providing a comprehensive, one-stop, online and offline comprehensive service for teachers and students to solve the practical needs of teachers and students in teaching, research, management and life, and support the development of individualized personnel in colleges and universities. Scientific research, intelligent management decisions, and intelligent life. The construction of smart campus The idea of ??building a smart campus is a complex system engineering. It must adopt systematic thinking and methods to design and implement the program, including the following aspects. overall plan. Carry out the top-level design of the smart campus architecture, build a modular, flexible and scalable technology architecture, and fully consider the technology trends and security guarantees such as cloud computing, big data, mobile, and intelligent. Grasp the two ends and implement the middle. The front-end is based on a unified service platform, which supports mobile APP and WeChat access, improving the user experience of teachers, students and administrators. The back-end is centered on the big data platform to achieve school-wide data fusion, achieve unified data standards, unified data views, unified data flow, unified data governance and unified data analysis, and truly use data as a core asset of the school. In the middle, the business process is the core. By co-organizing and standardizing business processes with various business departments, the front-end user service experience and the back-end unified data are connected to build a school-wide business process network to provide consistent teaching for teachers and students. Scientific research, management, life, social and other services, as shown in Figure 1. Take the point and face, step by step (iteration), and pay attention to actual results. The construction of a smart campus is a long-term process that cannot be accomplished overnight and can only be implemented step by step. In the process of step-by-step implementation, each step must find the key points in the current stage of school teaching, research and management, and cut the current urgent needs of the majority of teachers, students and management personnel, as a starting point, step by step, step by step, step by step .The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly launched a "strong country dialogue" to explore the AI+ real economy. To study and implement the spirit of the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping in the ninth collective study of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, implement the "Central and State Organs Working Committee on promoting the central and state organs." The relevant requirements of the young cadres' in-depth study of Xi Jinping's Opinions on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, on November 20, despised the Science and Technology Department of the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the party committees and league committees directly under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, jointly organized the theme of " Studying the spirit of the important speech of the General Secretary and promoting the deep integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy. More than 600 comrades from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and relevant units participated in the event, despising Ren Zhiwei, vice president of science and technology, as a representative of artificial intelligence unicorn enterprises, and manufacturing Leading enterprises, artificial intelligence leading enterprises, investment circles and academic representatives exchanged in-depth exchanges on the development trend of artificial intelligence, the bottlenecks restricting the integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy, and cracking measures. Gao Wen, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a professor at Peking University, who gave lectures on the ninth collective study of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, also came to the scene to make a keynote speech. He briefly conveyed the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech, introduced the development history and situation of the global artificial intelligence industry, combed the advantages and shortcomings of China's artificial intelligence development, and focused on how to promote the integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy, and bring into play the advantages and promotion of data. Valuable suggestions for the technological development of SMEs. Professor Gao Wen pointed out that from the perspective of international situation, artificial intelligence has been listed as a national strategy by many countries, but overall its development characteristics are driven by some cutting-edge enterprises, which play a vital role in the artificial intelligence revolution. effect. In the critical period of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, how to better combine artificial intelligence technology with the real economy, so that China seizes the opportunity in this industrial revolution is crucial. At the meeting, representatives from manufacturing leading enterprises, artificial intelligence leading enterprises, artificial intelligence unicorn enterprises, investment circles and academia also integrated the spirit of the important speech of the general secretary of internship, focusing on artificial intelligence and the real economy, especially There is an in-depth dialogue with the integration of manufacturing. Ren Zhiwei, vice president of Vision Technology, believes that to promote the artificial intelligence innovation application on a large scale, it requires artificial intelligence combined with the Internet of Things to achieve data-driven and human-machine collaboration. Taking contempt technology as an example, in the process of empowering intelligent manufacturing and smart factories, contempt not only to create "eye of the machine" and "machine brain", but also to connect the hands and feet of the robot, so that the machine has the ability to perceive. To improve the operational efficiency of the production line. The development of the dialogue between the powerful countries not only provides a platform for the cadres and workers of the directly-owned organs, especially the young cadres, to combine political learning and business learning, and further promotes the mutual promotion and integration of the work and business of the party building group. In the next step, the party committees, league committees and trade unions directly under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will cooperate closely with the relevant departments and bureaus, and will organize representatives of the government, enterprises, academia, investment institutions and authoritative media to promote the construction of the "two strong countries". In-depth dialogue on issues to help the majority of party members and cadres in the form of exchanges and seminars to better deepen their understanding of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, and better implement the central government's major decision-making arrangements with practical actions. Solidly promote the construction of two powerful countries.The Vision Technology Artificial Intelligence Patent won the 20th China Patent Excellence Award. On November 23, 2018, according to the results of the 20th China Patent Awards announced by the State Intellectual Property Office, it was submitted by Beijing Vision Technology Co., Ltd. The invention patent (patent number ZL201610306250.7) based on the neural network model has successfully won the 20th China Patent Excellence Award. Photo: Defiance Technology won the 20th China Patent Excellence Award Source: The State Intellectual Property Office official website shows that the ¡°China Patent Award¡± is the only government department award in China that rewards inventions for granting patent rights. The State Intellectual Property Office and the World Intellectual Property Organization jointly select and award the award, which is the highest patent award in the country. The China Patent Awards are held annually for all companies in China and have been held for 20 times since 1989. The selection criteria include multiple dimensions such as patent quality, technological advancement, application and protection measures and effectiveness, social benefits and development prospects. The selection process includes selection of recommendations, preliminary examination acceptance, professional review, review committee review and other aspects. The competition is fierce. . Defiance of being able to be awarded the China Patent Award is the recognition of the contempt of intellectual property by the selection unit, and it is also an affirmation of the scornful technological innovation capability. Defiance of Yongli AI Tide The key to holding independent intellectual property rights Since its inception, technological beliefs and constant innovation have been contempt for the creed that technology has remained unchanged. So far, contempt has captured 24 world technology evaluations. It has repeatedly beaten giants such as Google, Facebook, and Microsoft in the international AI top competition related to computer vision. In the COCO and Mapillary competitions of ECCV 2018, ¿õThe view is even more than four crowns, refreshing the new height of China's AI technology. At the same time, its independent research and development of computer vision technology and intelligent hardware, intelligent cloud services and other products have reached the world's leading level. It has the world's largest face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID, and has launched a number of vertical areas including face recognition payment, face recognition unlock, full frame smart capture machine A groundbreaking AI product. Among them, the core face recognition technology of Sci-Tech Self-study has been rated as one of the world's top ten breakthrough technologies in 2017 by the famous American technology review magazine MIT Science and Technology Review, and the Vision Technology has also entered the list of the world's 50 most intelligent companies. ". After seven years of accumulation, Defiance Technology has formed a more scientific and complete layout in terms of intellectual property rights such as patents. At present, Vision Technology has submitted more than 1,000 patent applications related to artificial intelligence in China, the United States, India, Europe and other countries and regions, becoming one of the enterprises with the most independent intellectual property rights in the artificial intelligence industry. At the same time, the patent layout covers various technical levels such as training engine, core algorithm, basic platform and intelligent products, and uses core algorithms as a link to form five major industries, including financial security, smart city, mobile phone intelligence, commercial object, and industrial robot. Patent package. With continuous self-developed technology and solid intellectual property work, since 2015, Vision Technology has been selected as the key demonstration enterprise of Zhongguancun Intellectual Property by Zhongguancun Intellectual Property Promotion Bureau, Beijing Municipal Intellectual Property Office and China National Intellectual Property Office. Beijing Patent Demonstration Unit and National Intellectual Property Advantage Enterprise have won many honorary titles such as ¡°Intellectual Intelligence Leading Enterprise in Artificial Intelligence¡± and ¡°Top Ten IPR Influential Organizations¡± in the industry. Among the Chinese unicorn enterprises selected by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Defiance Technology has also been rated as the head unicorn enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China for two consecutive years. At the same time, in April 2018, Visionary Technology Co-founder and CEO Yin Qi was also selected as the most influential person in the field of intellectual property in 2017. In August, Vision Technology was awarded the National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise. Value and pragmatism, useful innovation, defiance, help technology, strong country, defiance of science and technology, the "patent based on neural network model-based target tracking method and device" patent, which is awarded the China Patent Excellence Award, is the basis of accurate tracking of target objects based on artificial intelligence technology. The patent can better detect and track the target for video, improve the speed and accuracy of target tracking, and solve the existing target tracking method. There are repeated calculations, which leads to increased computing time, affecting the computing speed, and the target of the video to be processed. The test results cannot be mutually optimized, which affects the accuracy of the detection and tracking. It has very important significance in practical applications such as live TV, public security, and intelligent transportation. The invention patent has been widely used as a core patent technology in the defensive security video structured products, serving the public safety management of more than 100 cities across the country, and the accumulated services have guaranteed dozens of international and domestic conferences such as the Boao Forum and the G20 Summit. It has played a major role in maintaining social public safety. 2018 is the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up and the tenth anniversary of the implementation of the National Intellectual Property Strategy Outline. At the moment, artificial intelligence has become a new engine of innovation growth in China, which embodies China's overall technological innovation strength and plays a pivotal role in industry transformation, innovation and upgrading. As the first batch of enterprises in China to set foot on the wave of artificial intelligence revolution, Defiance Technology has always regarded technological innovation as its driving force. At present, contempt has established independent research institutes in Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Chengdu and Seattle, and has established artificial intelligence joint laboratories with Xi'an Jiaotong University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Shanghai University of Science and Technology and other institutions of higher learning. In November 2017, Vision Technology officially established the Academic Committee. Academician Yao Zhizhi, the only Chinese winner of the Turing Award, served as the chief consultant, and promoted the underlying technological innovation through the combination of talent gathering and production, study and research. At the same time, in the practice of artificial intelligence basic research and industrial integration, contempt has also established its own technical production and engineering capability system, and built a complete technical matrix around the core computer vision capabilities. In the future, under the state's emphasis on and support for intellectual property rights, Defiance Technology will further strengthen its technological beliefs, innovate constantly, enhance its patent application and layout quality, and use more high-value artificial intelligence patents to help enterprises develop and help ¡°scientific and technological powers¡±. "strategy.Despise Technology Tang Wenbin: In-depth Scene Polishing Products Realizing the Value Creation of Artificial Intelligence On November 27th, 36keWISE 2018 ¡°The King of the New Economy¡± Summit officially kicked off in Beijing. As the leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence in China, Tang Wenbin, the co-founder of Vision Technology, was also invited to attend the summit and gave a speech on "How AI creates value for industry and society." ¡ø Defare Technology Co-founder Tang Wenbin attended 36 WISE 2018 ¡°King of New Economy¡± Summit and delivered a speech. At the time when the new economic tide completely subverts the industrial development, WISE 2018 ¡°King of the New Economy¡± summit focuses on ¡°new economy, new¡± The annual theme of ¡°Leader, New Asia, New Future¡± brings together the most influential and innovative ¡°king of the new economy¡± of this era to jointly explore and promote the future of new commercial civilization. What is changing the world is not the value created by technology-derived products. The current new economy is based on the information revolution. Its core is to promote the rapid development of the digital economy driven by next-generation information technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. At present, various industries and enterprises are fully embracing the digital transformation, exploring and establishing a new stage of commercial value. However, many companies are obsessed with the aura that AI and other technologies bring to themselves. They lack thinking about the products that ultimately carry the technology. They can't tell the difference between the means and the purpose. They don't actually reduce the cost for the company, create their own value, and eventually become a bubble. portion. In this regard, Tang Wenbin gave his own opinion: "Enterprise digitalization, any data online is a means, does not bring real value, but the final formation is the innovation of business operations and management, this is the purpose. In fact, we see Artificial intelligence companies, or the artificial intelligence products we are doing ourselves, we will find that all the technologies we do are essentially means, and AI technology is a means to make products, and the products you make are actually realizing the value of the scene. Means. This is the same as contempt for its own position. Defiance has always emphasized that contempt is not an AI company, but a product company with AI technology as its core. Defiance of the ultimate focus is a valuable product, not the technology itself. What is the value? Reducing costs, improving efficiency, and optimizing the experience. Since its establishment, it has been deeply involved in the field of artificial intelligence for seven years. From the beginning of its establishment, it has always adhered to and implemented the "technical belief" and "value and pragmatism", hoping to use artificial intelligence to create beautiful for mankind. . This year, contempt for the mission of the enabling industry has become clearer about its mission ? to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology. But specifically, what is the value of contempt to create? Tang Wenbin gave the answer at the summit: ¡°Reducing costs, improving efficiency, and optimizing the experience ? it is the value of contempt for the continuous output of the industry customers.¡± Tang Wenbin for example: ¡°For example, we are in the process of handling bank loans. At that time, I have to carry my ID card to the bank outlet to handle it, but in 2015, I defrauded the launch of FaceID online authentication products. We can make real-name authentication on the mobile phone through face recognition. We hope this Things don't need you to go to the outlets and you can go online directly, which is essentially reducing costs.¡± Now, through the FaceID online face authentication platform, contempt has provided ¡°free for home¡± for 400 million people. "Or a "just one run" intelligent financial service experience, bringing cost control improvements to many financial companies and users. In "improving efficiency" and "optimizing the experience," Tang Wenbin also reflected in the intelligent upgrade of security and buildings. In the past security operation mode, it was a tedious and lengthy task to search for the suspects from the surveillance video. This is why it takes a lot of manpower and enough time for the staff to look over and over again. Surveillance video; today, defying a series of end-to-end smart security products, the application of the landing, significantly reduced the police process and time, greatly improving the efficiency of the police. In addition, Tang Wenbin also introduced that the face recognition access control products that despise research and development have helped many companies and buildings to replace the past fingerprints or credit card access methods, and the door is open when you walk past. The general experience is becoming the first choice for the optimized experience of major companies and office buildings. At present, contempt is along the strategic layout of its own AI+IoT, and continues to bring the value of ¡°reducing costs, improving efficiency, and optimizing experience¡± for many industries involving public IoT, commercial IoT and personal IoT. Defying the value creation logic in the scene to practice "perception, decision-making, execution" as a CV company, and at the same time in the emerging industry of artificial intelligence, what kind of "means" to achieve their own value creation? In this regard, Tang Wenbin also gave the answer: "Our approach was first to do computer vision perception, but in practical applications, we found that only doing computer vision can not present the ultimate value, this value needs to rely on later decisions and Actions are presented. For example, we are just talking about the security business scenario. In a case investigation, we identified a fugitive for a certain person. If there is an action, that is, if you get the police to arrest him, you can count it as the crack and completion of the case. Let's say that we know a lot of new retail scenes. We know that a customer picks up a bottle of mineral water and looks at it, but he finally took the soda next to it. There is only such scene data. Not enough to help the store to improve the efficiency, we need to help him make a decision-making system to help him improve." Therefore, despising the use of technology-based value creation is following the "from perception to decision to execution" Logic. This logic requires the enterprise to touch the real scene and push back from the scene to clarify the logic application. Tang Wenbin took the scorn of entering the robot field as an example: ¡°Defiance of logistics robots as one of its core businesses. We found that in the logistics industry warehouses, pickers sometimes need to walk 30 times a day in a minus 10 degree environment. -40 km, most people are not willing to do such a hard work, which leads to high labor costs and turnover rate. For this scenario, we choose to do robots, we hope to be in the eye of the empowerment machine In addition, using the machine's 'legs' to solve the problem of action, using the machine's 'hands' to solve the problem of grabbing, we use a series of product portfolios to achieve cost reduction and experience optimization for such scenarios." This set of logic defied the beginning of its own logistics robot business practice. At present, Defiance has created the largest robotic smart warehouse in Asia, and actually invested in 500 AGV robots, adding robotic arms and a series of other intelligent equipment. In this year's Double Eleven, the warehouse had more than 80,000 orders on the same day, and the overall efficiency increased by 44%. Robots and algorithms are essentially means in nature, and the means are destined to serve specific scenarios. Defiance is the origin of perceptual technology. What you need to do after sensing is control. When you can control many machines, you need to let the machines work together to complete the operation of the scene, and finally realize the value creation of artificial intelligence products. In the face of the future, Tang Wenbin also planned the road of contempt for technology: "We hope to return to the value of the scene through some means like this, and return to how I can help the scene to reduce costs and improve efficiency. We hope to provide a name called The brain of the robot network, this is what we want to do next."Despise contracting CCPC China University Student Programming Competition 5 years of sponsorship AI Science and Technology Review: After the intense competition on November 24-25, 2018, the 4th China University Student Programming Contest (CCPC) Finals on the 25th At the end of the curtain, "Tsinghua University _ Second Power" stood out from the 114 teams and won the championship with absolute solution. China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC) is an annual event organized by the China University Student Programming Competition Organizing Committee. It aims to improve and demonstrate the ability of Chinese university students to design innovation and solve practical problems through competitions. Excellent computer talents lead and promote the reform of program design teaching and talent cultivation in Chinese universities. The CCPC competition has been held for the fourth time. The main sponsor of this year's event is Vision Technology. According to the final list data of CCPC 2018, "Tsinghua University _ Zhongli Zhili" successfully solved 10 questions and won the championship in one fell swoop. The runner-up team was the "Nanjing University_Coffee Chicken" team from Nanjing University, and the "Fudan University_Prayer" team won the third place. The remaining teams that won gold medals came from many universities, including Fudan University, Hong Kong University, East China Normal University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Zhejiang University, Peking University, Guangdong University of Technology, and Zhongshan University. (Enterprise team does not count) CCPC 2018 Finals final list CCPC Competition Chairman of the Competition Committee Professor Yu Yong said in an interview after the game that the biggest feature of the CCPC event is that it is rooted in China and emphasizes the integration of Chinese background in the thinking. From the training of players with the ability to solve the real problems of the Chinese industry, rather than simply through the sea of ??tactics to develop a solution to the "routines." In this regard, Tsinghua University ACM coach Professor Xiao Xiaoying expressed his approval. He believes that this year's proposition level is relatively high, and the set questions are difficult. There is no trap in the topic design and description of the title. The team members can focus on algorithm analysis, design and implementation. Give full play to the strength of the team. It is understood that in order to fully prepare for this competition, Tsinghua University will arrange training in the mode of ¡°taking the old and the younger¡± from the beginning of the year, so that the seniors will teach the young members the experience. Defeat Technology Co-founder Tang Wenbin (second from right) presented the CCPC 2018 Competition Champion as the organizer of CCPC Finals. Wang Xuan, Dean of Harbin Institute of Technology (Shenzhen) School of Computer Science, told reporters that the reasons for the promised hosting of the event were mainly Two points, one of which is to take into account the formality of the event, whether it is from the scale of the event, the effect of publicity, the strength of sponsorship, and the idea of ??the problem, I believe that it can inspire the computer students of the school. Second, he also hopes to let more students know about Harbin Institute of Technology (Shenzhen) campus through the competition. At the same time, the young entrepreneurs who came from Tang Wenbin's competitions supported the CCPC's actions. Wang Xuan, the dean, was also very impressed.¿õ ¿Æ¼¼ ¿Æ¼¼ ¿Æ¼¼ ¿Æ¼¼ CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC CC Under the advocacy, Defiance Technology is also the general sponsor of this year's CCPC competition. In the competition environment and the setting of the game, Tang Wenbin said to Lei Feng.com that the CCPC competition is one of the best programming competitions in China, which can guarantee fairness, professionalism and differentiation. Defeat Technology Co-founder and CTO? Tang Wenbin is the former gold medal in the information science Olympic competition, the sixth in the world finals of the ACM/ICPC international college programming competition, and the fifth in the TopCoder Target in China. Tang Wenbin believes that the past competition Experience has greatly contributed to the growth of oneself. The gains include: one is the ability to solve problems, the competition can cultivate the ability to model problems, and develop the way of thinking to solve problems; the second is to win the heart, during the competition The psychology of winning will greatly stimulate personal potential; the third is the ability of teamwork. Because the competition requires three people to work together to answer questions, it is a test of the cooperation between the teams. The process will also involve the coordination of the team, invisible. It has fostered the leadership of the coordinator. Therefore, Tang Wenbin hopes that college students can participate in the competition without affecting their academic performance, and he will also give back to the competition through physical means. Despise will continue to be the sponsor of the CCPC competition in the next 5 years, so that the organizing committee can Continue to expand the influence of the event without any worries, so that more students will benefit. The contestants should "stand the scene from a technical point of view and look at the technology from the perspective of the scene." Tang Wenbin said that Desperate Technology welcomes contestants from the competition to join the company team. He highly recognizes the strong technical strength of the students from the competition, and also emphasizes that the lack of exercise in the engineering system is a problem that cannot be ignored. Therefore, he suggested that students can usually carry out engineering practice, and at the same time strengthen the literacy of the humanities, so that they can comprehensively think about the problem from the perspective of users. "Looking at the scene from a technical point of view and looking at the technology from the perspective of the scene", Tang Wenbin believes that such talents can be met, and it is also indispensable for ignoring the talents within the technology that are "being strong, growing, and dependent". . According to AI Science and Technology Review, Vision Technology's current business focus is on personal IOT (mobile phone), public IOT (security, education) and commercial IOT (smart robot). Joining the contempt team will have the opportunity to get in touch with these. Field of business. Talking about the attraction of science and technology to talents, Tang Wenbin said that there will be three points: First, the business of defiance of technology can specifically generate social value, and in the process of concrete participation in the business, it will invisibly cultivate the sense of mission of the individual; Second, defiance of technology business has a certain threshold, not everyone has the ability to complete, for those who like the challenge will be able to get a great sense of accomplishment; third, the employees in the contempt are basically comprehensive People with strong quality and ability to work with the strong can learn a lot from each other. In the face of today's AI boom, many computer professional students want to join the AI ??industry, how to be eliminated in the high-speed development of the AI ??industry, he also has some suggestions for students. "First, we must be keen and confident in ourselves. Second, we must always adhere to self-learning. Defiance of technology will provide a very rich learning curriculum, and even regularly invite pilots from different fields to share internally. I hope that through these courses, Every contempt person continues to grow and climbs to a higher level to maintain his own industry competitiveness. Of course, self-driving is the key."How will AI promote urban and rural development? How to help the "two hundred years" struggle goal? The Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trend of artificial intelligence development on the afternoon of October 31. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, emphasized that artificial intelligence is an important driving force for a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is related to whether China can seize a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation opportunities. Strategic issues. For the field of urban research, "artificial intelligence" is a frontier topic. A deep understanding of General Secretary Xi's strategic thesis on "artificial intelligence" and its implementation in urban development and planning practice is a focus of future research and practical innovation of urban research. Based on the deep accumulation of urban innovative think tank business in the field of urban planning, management and operation and maintenance in Tsinghua Tongheng Technology Innovation Center, we provide exploratory insights on the topic of how artificial intelligence will promote high-quality urban and rural development. In order to teach peers and jointly promote the implementation of the national "artificial intelligence" strategy. From ¡°smart city¡± to ¡°smart city¡± Since IBM first proposed the concept of ¡°Smart Planet¡± in 2008, its derivative concept ¡°Smart City¡± has always been a hotspot of scholars and industry. The government also attaches great importance to this. Since 2012, China's Ministry of Housing and Construction and the Ministry of Science and Technology have successively announced three batches of 290 smart city pilot lists, which have promoted the massive landing of smart city construction projects in China. From the perspective of existing practice, the smart city emphasizes the real-time dynamic monitoring of multi-dimensional urban operation status through the integration and integration of information technology software and hardware, and realizes the first in the closed loop of urban governance ¡°monitoring-assessment-simulation-prediction-decision¡± step. With the continuous development of big data and learning algorithms, "artificial intelligence" is in an unprecedented period of vigorous development. The artificial intelligence program AlphaGo developed by Google has triggered the "artificial intelligence" boom, which has made people see the "artificial intelligence" rich. At the same time, the concept of "Intelligent City" will be given more rich connotations and imagination with unlimited possibilities. Different from the concept of ¡°smart city¡± once proposed in the 1990s, the ¡°intelligence¡± discussed in the context of ¡°artificial intelligence¡± emphasizes the real-time and dynamic continuous generation of government affairs systems, the Internet, the Internet of Things, and big data. On the basis of accumulation and accumulation, through the system's self-diagnosis, evaluation and early warning, the complex simulation and situational presentation with autonomous control features are further realized, which provides an objective and reliable basis for decision support. In other words, let the complex system have the ability to ¡°think¡± like a ¡°smart person¡± and independently respond to changes in the external system elements, and provide early warning, assessment and possible solutions. Therefore, whether in the depth or breadth of the category, "smart city" can be seen as the evolutionary form of "smart city." The role of artificial intelligence in urban and rural development How will artificial intelligence promote future urban development and achieve better life in cities? We believe that due to the complexity and uncertainty of urban systems, the complexities and changes in the relationships between elements often exceed humans themselves. The cognitive ability, the huge computing power of the intelligent system and the massive coverage data will help the city's complex systems to achieve self-assessment, automatic tuning and intelligent management. First, artificial intelligence to achieve self-assessment of urban system operation. Through real-time monitoring of all aspects of the city such as population, industry, transportation, energy, real estate prices, etc., mining, evaluating and identifying the imbalance between the supply and demand of urban system elements and the insufficiency, and proposing real-time warning to avoid urban operation and maintenance risks and improve System performance. For example, through the location location data of the map service, it is possible to monitor the abnormal situation of rapid gathering of people in a specific area of ??the city, and provide an early warning to avoid sudden events such as crowded trampling. Through the mobile phone signaling data, the distribution of urban population in different age groups can be observed more accurately and accurately, and the population quantity and distribution can be accurately predicted based on the depth algorithm. Further spatially correlating the population size with the scale and location of urban public service facilities, it is possible to accurately identify areas where supply of specific types of facilities is insufficient, and facilities that require excess capacity for supply. Second, the automatic tuning of artificial intelligence assisted resource configuration. Based on the urban system-level operational assessment, the internal association between subsystems is effectively exploited, and the potential allocated resources are combined, and the resource allocation is adjusted and optimized through the allocation of resources across time. For example, in the joint analysis of traffic flow and urban public facilities, population, and industrial distribution, structural, system-level, and facility-based and accident-type causes of traffic congestion can be tapped, thereby optimizing urban roads through optimal layout of urban service facilities and land use. Overall efficiency of use. In the aspect of urban industry research and development, based on the national enterprise big data and industrial atlas algorithm, according to the local resource endowment, industrial foundation, talent technology and market network, the local industry ¡°character¡± is imaged to realize industrial optimization. Accurate selection of upgrades; deep mining of enterprise static data and dynamic information, into the industry, region, enterprise scale, capital, technology and other multi-dimensional constraints, to achieve intelligent and accurate investment. Third, artificial intelligence promotes the intelligentization of urban governance. Utilize the big data accumulated by urban operation and mature learning algorithms to make a detailed assessment of the investment and performance in the urban governance process, and then realize the optimization of urban space use and policy. In the face of the macro requirements of the national governance system and the modernization of governance capacity, urban refined governance needs to explain how the linkages between the governance means and the various systems of the city will occur after the implementation of the policy; or what kind of governance should the urban system adopt to achieve specific change objectives. means. The traditional statistical data acquisition cycle is long, it is difficult to meet the requirements of fine-grained governance and small-step fast-moving, and it is impossible to achieve the integration of government information resources and the accurate prediction and effective guidance of public demand. The use of a large amount of real-time data in urban operation, combined with the system dynamics and artificial intelligence algorithms gradually accumulated in urban research, can provide good applicability and support for urban governance intelligence, and improve the level of public services and social governance. For example, based on the trajectory of residents' movements, combined with the learning algorithm to extract the quantitative elements of the street built environment, study the preference of residents' sports behaviors to the built environment of the street, and based on this, propose the street improvement environment improvement strategy. Outlook: Artificial intelligence will help the future of the "two hundred years" goal, artificial intelligence will focus on many important strategic directions of national development such as urban and rural planning and rural revitalization through intelligent means in multiple time and space scales and multi-urban and urban dimensions. Solve the problem of current unbalanced development and insufficient development, and help achieve the goal of "two hundred years". Focusing on expanding from urban to residential environment, in the urban-rural integration, artificial intelligence will pay more attention to how to achieve self-assessment of urban-rural integration system, functional structure of urban agglomeration and automatic adjustment of cross-regional resources in a wider space. Excellent to improve the overall planning, coordination and high quality governance between urban and rural areas. Through the intelligent allocation of urban and rural unified elements in line with the social and economic levels of each region, foster urban and rural industrial development, improve the benign interaction between urban and rural population, goods and services, and alleviate the urban diseases caused by excessive population concentration and insufficient public goods supply in some regions. problem. In terms of rural revitalization, the ¡°smart village¡± corresponding to ¡°smart city¡± will become an upgrade after the existing smart agriculture system is injected into artificial intelligence technology. Artificial intelligence technology will provide intelligent solutions to the modern agricultural industrial system, production system and management system mentioned in the rural revitalization strategy based on the growth of agricultural products in the production area and the price changes of the place of sale.Manufacturing, agriculture, medical... How does AI empower a new era? In 2018, the domestic artificial intelligence and big data industry continued to develop rapidly. With the introduction of national planning, the construction of artificial intelligence in various regions will be gradually started. It is estimated that by 2020, the scale of China's artificial intelligence core industry will exceed 160 billion yuan, and the growth rate will reach 26.2%. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping has placed innovation at the core of the overall development of the country, attached great importance to the development of artificial intelligence, and repeatedly talked about the importance of artificial intelligence, pointing out the direction for artificial intelligence to empower the new era. At the end of the year, we have sorted out the important speeches and signed articles of General Secretary Xi Jinping throughout the year. Let us follow these speeches to explore and understand the top-level design ideas of big data and artificial intelligence. I. Deep integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy From April 20 to 21, 2018, Xi Jinping re-emphasized the importance of the integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy when attending the National Network Security and Informatization Work Conference. The deep integration of data, artificial intelligence and the real economy accelerates the digitization, networking and intelligence of manufacturing, agriculture and service industries." Below, we focus on combing the real economic fields of artificial intelligence empowerment mentioned by General Secretary Xi, which Strategy, what results have been achieved so far. 1. Manufacturing as China's strategic plan of action for manufacturing countries in the next decade, "Made in China 2025" has laid the foundation for China's smart manufacturing policy. At the end of 2016, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the Ministry of Finance issued the ¡°Intelligent Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020)¡±, proposing a ¡°two-step¡± strategy for smart manufacturing development: by 2020, the foundation and support capabilities of smart manufacturing development will be significantly enhanced, and traditional manufacturing The key areas are basically digital manufacturing; by 2025, the intelligent manufacturing support system has been basically established, and key industries have initially achieved intelligent transformation. At present, China is vigorously developing Industry 4.0 to promote the digital upgrading of manufacturing. The large-scale manufacturing base provides a unique test and promotion environment for promoting Industry 4.0 and developing the digital economy. Among them, a group of innovative industrial enterprises represented by Red Collar, Haier, Sany Heavy Industry, Baosteel and Changan Automobile have achieved remarkable results in exploring digital transformation. For example, Sany Heavy Industry can connect nearly 300,000 operating parameters in real time through Tencent Cloud to connect 300,000 devices distributed around the world. Based on cloud computing and big data, Sany Heavy Industry can remotely manage the operation status of the equipment group, not only achieving fault repair within 2 hours to the site, completing within 24 hours, but also greatly reducing inventory pressure. At the 2018 World Intelligent Manufacturing Conference held in Nanjing this year, Xin Guobin, a member of the Party Group and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, pointed out the positive results achieved by China's smart manufacturing development in recent years: First, the promotion of the initial formation of the system, the central linkage, established The development path of digitalization, networking and intelligent advancement of China's manufacturing industry; second, breakthroughs in key areas, a number of technical equipment and industrial software to fill gaps, and initially establish intelligent manufacturing standards and industrial Internet system architecture; Obviously, 305 pilot demonstration projects have been implemented at the national level, and the production efficiency has increased by nearly 30% on average. At the same time, a number of new models have been introduced to the relevant industries. The fourth is the continuous expansion of open cooperation, standard system architecture, standard roadmap development, standards. Pragmatic cooperation was carried out in mutual recognition, industrial parks and training base construction. 2. Agriculture In September 2018, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued the ¡°Implementation Plan for Supporting Actions for Rural Revitalization Science and Technology¡±. One of its implementation priorities is to strengthen research on basic frontier technologies: efficient breeding of crops, long-lasting green control of pests, and efficient agricultural resources. Use, agricultural product quality and safety control, major livestock and poultry whole genome selection breeding technology, agricultural synthetic biotechnology, agricultural big data integration technology, agricultural nanotechnology, agricultural artificial intelligence technology, intelligent equipment development and other innovative capabilities with strong action, research foundation and talents Reserve strategic and forward-looking major scientific and cutting-edge technical issues, strengthen the scientific research organization model characterized by original innovation and system layout, deploy key research directions, achieve major scientific breakthroughs, and seize the commanding heights of world scientific development. At present, AI technology has been applied in many fields in agriculture. For example, artificial neural network technology can be used to analyze soil properties and establish a correlation model with suitable crop varieties to accurately determine the appropriate soil suitable. Planting crops to improve the production efficiency and economic benefits of crops. A I technology can also help farmers choose the right water source, suitable fertilizer to irrigate crops, fertilize, ensure the water consumption and fertilizer application of crops, and greatly reduce the adverse effects of irrigation problems on crop yield. In addition, AI robots can replace manual picking and handling work. The robotic gripper has been able to quickly and accurately transport agricultural products of various shapes without damaging the function of any one product, thereby effectively avoiding the time problem caused by the conventional manual picking method and the risk of accidental scratching and damage. At the same time, AI enables the breeding industry to provide the largest scale of breeding, providing the most accurate data, to achieve the most efficient, most accurate calculations, the most time-saving and labor-saving. In February of this year, Special Drive Group and Alibaba Cloud reached a cooperation agreement to sign an AI agricultural strategic cooperation agreement. The two sides will conduct targeted training and research and development on the ET brain, and finally realize AI pig raising. AI pigs can help the farming group monitor the activity of each pig through smart sensors and data analysis techniques to record their health in real time. In intelligent pig farms, each pig has its own file from the date of birth. Video image analysis technology can record the pig's weight, eating situation, exercise intensity, frequency and trajectory. Artificial intelligence can also monitor the body temperature and cough sound of pigs through infrared temperature measurement technology and speech recognition technology. Once an abnormality occurs, the disease can be promptly notified. However, although AI plays an important role in leading the development of agriculture, the application of AI to agricultural technology is still at a basic stage.For the development of AI in crops, it is necessary to continue the technical guidance and the spread of relevant knowledge. 3. Medical care As early as 2016, the State Council issued the ¡°Guiding Opinions on Promoting and Regulating the Development of Big Data Applications for Health Care¡±, pointing out that health care big data is an important basic strategic resource of the country, and the development of health care big data applications will bring Profound changes in the health care model. In order to implement the national strategic deployment, under the leadership of the original Health Planning Commission, the three major health care big data groups led by state-owned capital, namely China Health Medical Big Data Industry Development Co., Ltd., China Health Medical Big Data Technology Development Group Corporation, China Health Care Big Data Co., Ltd. has been established. The ¡°1+7+X¡± health care big data plan, namely one national data center, seven regional data centers, and X application development centers are gradually taking shape. There are two main directions for the application of artificial intelligence in the field of medical diagnosis. One is to diagnose diseases through medical imaging based on computer vision. The other is to understand the symptoms of patients based on natural language processing, and then according to the contents of the disease database. Contrast and deep learning to diagnose disease. Some companies have begun experimenting with tailor-made treatment options for patients based on massive amounts of data and machine learning. Artificial intelligence will accelerate the transition from health care to medical prevention. A good understanding of how AI is applied to various medical scenarios will be important for future human well-being. At present, China's health care big data industry is developing rapidly, and industrial segmentation applications cover areas such as industry governance, clinical research, public health, benefit-based services, and industrial development. The academic community also has a large number of medical cooperation to promote the development of smart healthcare. For example, Tsinghua University has been exploring and establishing a cross-disciplinary collaborative innovation platform for a long time, and promoting the integration of disciplines through multiple channels. At the same time, it has introduced the concept of ¡°combination of medical workers and workers¡±, emphasizing persistence in project construction and centralized deployment to create important cross-platforms. In this context, in 2017, led by Academician Dong Jiahong, Tsinghua University Clinical Medical College, Software College, Data Science Research Institute, Cross Information Institute and Beijing Tsinghua Chang Gung Memorial Hospital and other school institutions jointly established the "medical research data platform" Starting from doctors' scientific research problems and needs, we will give full play to and integrate the advantages of science and engineering, form a new scientific research platform for joint medical and industrial cooperation, and serve the needs and cooperation scattered between doctors and teachers. Ideas, new technologies, new models, and even results. The aim is to promote scientific research and innovation in the deep integration of medical big data and artificial intelligence technology, and to serve the scientific research needs of health and medical big data in all departments of the school. In order to support the healthy development of the platform, the ¡°Medical Workers and Research Innovation Support Program¡± was also released at the same time in the conference. The program is dedicated to the cooperation between the teachers of engineering technology of Tsinghua University and the doctors of Beijing Tsinghua Chang Gung Memorial Hospital. Give early funding support. In addition to manufacturing, agriculture, and medical care, in recent years, China's artificial intelligence has given many scenes such as transportation, education, services, retail, and finance, and has achieved considerable results. For example, in the financial sector, in 2016, commercial banks fully deployed big data infrastructure. The five major state-owned banks, joint-stock companies, city commercial banks and rural commercial banks have gradually begun the process of transforming from traditional data warehouse architecture to big data platform architecture, based on big data wind. The control of the ¡°second loan¡± business has become more and more popular, which not only improves the efficiency of loans, but also expands the coverage of inclusive finance. In the field of telecommunications, China Telecom's big data platform has expanded to 31 provinces, and the national basic data has formed the ¡°Tianyi Big Data¡± service capability; China Unicom has also realized data integration, and the big data product system has launched credit reporting. Six major product categories such as index and marketing. Not long ago, the Chongqing Municipal Economic and Information Commission issued the "Top Ten Achievements of Deep Integration of Artificial Intelligence and Real Economy in Chongqing in 2018". Its projects involve medical care, autonomous driving, drug trading, home care services, gas safety monitoring and community safety prevention and control. In other fields, it covers the three major directions of smart products, industrial applications and support systems, including Changan Auto Autopilot Key Technology Research and Industrialization Application, and Yun Cong Technology Integrated Biometric System. At present, these cases have been successfully verified in Chongqing, with a reproducible business or operation model, and have a strong promotion value. II. Artificial Intelligence Helps Social Governance On October 31, 2018, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. The study conference emphasized that it is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and social governance, develop artificial intelligence systems suitable for government services and decision-making, strengthen the integration of government information resources and accurate prediction of public demand, and promote the construction of smart cities. Promote the in-depth application of artificial intelligence in the field of public safety, strengthen the use of artificial intelligence in the ecological field, and use artificial intelligence to improve the level of public services and social governance. In China, the application of artificial intelligence in social governance is mainly divided into three stages: the technology-oriented 1.0 stage, that is, the government cooperates with related enterprises, provides basic public services to the public by means of artificial intelligence, and the public passes the artificial intelligence platform. Feedback to the government on the service, thereby achieving seamless and standardized service. The 2.0 stage of integrationism, that is, the artificial intelligence platform operated by the government and the enterprise, after accumulating a certain knowledge base, can actively provide personalized public services to the public, and the government as the main body of public service, through technology The way the company cooperates integrates technology with the public needs of the society to achieve a unified effect of governance. For example, in October 2016, the Hangzhou Municipal Government and Alibaba Cloud built the Hangzhou City Data Brain. The core of the urban brain is Alibaba Cloud ET artificial intelligence technology, which can perform global real-time analysis of the entire city, automatically allocate public resources, and correct problems in urban operation. With the help of the brain of Aliyun ET City, Hangzhou can be said to have been built as a sample of smart cities, and with the brain upgraded to version 2.0, Hangzhou has become smarter. After the 3.0-stage of value guidance, that is, artificial intelligence has reached a super-strong level, the government has explored a new path of effective combination of governance and technology. The government can exert the value guidance and accountability supervision role of governance through open governance. Intelligence chooses ¡°self-employment¡± in social governance and public services to achieve a high degree of autonomy. Since 2010, smart cities have quickly become a boom in the construction of cities in China. So far, the construction of smart cities has begun to enter the stage of landing, and some development concepts have begun to be gradually realized. For the first time, the party¡¯s 19th National Congress clearly put forward the concept of ¡°smart society¡±, which is based on the use of the Internet and big data to accelerate open sharing, promote resource integration, improve governance, and promote the evolution of lifestyles such as food, clothing, housing, and transportation. It is an upgrade requirement for the construction of a smart city. The concept of "smart society" indicates that the construction of smart cities in China has entered a new era and embodied the specific requirements of the people for a better life. III. Strengthening the training of talents and supporting basic theoretical research On October 31, 2018, Xi Jinping mentioned in his speech on the ninth collective study of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee: ¡°We must strengthen basic theoretical research and support scientists to brave artificial intelligence technology. At the forefront of the 'no-man's area, efforts to achieve revolutionary and disruptive breakthroughs in the direction of artificial intelligence development and theory, methods, tools, systems, etc., to ensure that China's theoretical research in this important field of artificial intelligence is ahead, key core technologies To occupy the commanding heights... We must strengthen the building of a talent team, build a multi-level high-level talent training platform with greater determination and more effective measures, strengthen the training of reserve talents, and provide more adequate talent support for science and technology and industrial development. Under the current shortage of talents in the artificial intelligence industry in China, the lack of major original scientific research results, and the top talents of artificial intelligence are far from meeting the demand, China has begun to invest in R&D expenses and R&D personnel scale, and to increase personnel training in basic disciplines. Especially in the field of algorithms and computing. In April 2018, the Ministry of Education issued the "Innovative Action Plan for Artificial Intelligence in Colleges and Universities", proposing to support the establishment of artificial intelligence disciplines in computer science and technology disciplines, perfecting the subject system of artificial intelligence, and promoting the construction of first-level disciplines in the field of artificial intelligence; The "Artificial Intelligence + X" composite professional training new model, to build 100 "Artificial Intelligence + X" composite specialty by 2020, and establish 50 artificial intelligence colleges, research institutes or cross research centers. Lei Chaozi, Director of the Department of Science and Technology of the Ministry of Education, introduced the layout of the Action Plan: In the first batch of 612 ¡°new engineering¡± research and practice projects identified in 2018, 57 human intelligence projects were constructed; as of 2017 In December, a total of 71 colleges and universities across the country set up 86 secondary disciplines or interdisciplinary subjects around the field of artificial intelligence. In order to further promote the construction of "artificial intelligence" disciplines, the Ministry of Education set up an expert group on artificial intelligence technology innovation consultation to provide advice and suggestions for the development of artificial intelligence in colleges and universities; to further demonstrate the connotation of artificial intelligence disciplines, promote the construction of first-level disciplines in the field of artificial intelligence, and propose as soon as possible The program to increase graduate student enrollment indicators in the field of artificial intelligence will expand the scale of personnel training in a scientific, rational, and orderly manner. In terms of the setting of disciplines in universities, encourage qualified universities to establish artificial intelligence colleges, artificial intelligence research institutes or artificial intelligence cross-research centers on the basis of full argumentation, and carry out high-level personnel training in various ways; encourage universities to compare national and regional industries. Need to arrange artificial intelligence related majors, establish related secondary disciplines or interdisciplinary subjects, and actively promote the model innovation of science and education integration, production and education integration and education. Tsinghua University, as the first university in the country to set up a big data research institution, established the Data Science Research Institute. In recent years, the Data Science Research Institute and the Graduate School jointly designed and implemented the training of big data talents based on big data capacity improvement projects. The system focuses on cultivating ¡°¦Ð¡± talents with big data thinking and application innovation. The project is equipped with a high-level team of in-house tutors, including more than 40 academicians, professors, and experts in the field of big data technology and applications from different departments of Tsinghua University to provide authoritative academic and technical guidance. At the same time, it also includes more than 20 industry experts from well-known enterprises and government departments in the field of big data at home and abroad, who provide rich industry and practical experience guidance for the training of big data talents. Different from the traditional teaching mode, the project is interspersed with practical courses, allowing students to access real data and solve practical needs. Students combine their own academic background and points of interest, cross-mixing teams, practice projects involving economic, financial, transportation, industry, law, medical, marketing, public management and other industries. With a solid academic foundation and real data experience, such data talents have naturally become the company's preferred choice. At the same time, the Ministry of Education supports universities to increase investment in related fields in the field of artificial intelligence in the construction of ¡°double first-class¡±; support universities to pass the basic research business fees of central universities, and strengthen top talents and excellent innovations in basic research and public welfare research. Stable support from the team. The above is a partial inventory and interpretation of General Secretary Xi¡¯s speech on the development of big data and artificial intelligence strategy. Although the development of artificial intelligence has become a new focus of international competition, General Secretary Xi¡¯s congratulatory letter to the 5th World Internet Conference also emphasized: "Although countries in the world have different national conditions, different stages of Internet development, and different practical challenges. However, the desire to promote the development of the digital economy is the same, the interests of the cybersecurity challenge are the same, and the need to strengthen cyberspace governance is the same. Countries should deepen pragmatic cooperation, take the goal of mutual progress and win-win, and embark on a road of mutual trust and co-governance. Let the cyberspace destiny community be more vibrant." Today, with global integration, we should abandon the Cold War mentality and power politics, jointly promote global digital development, and build a sustainable digital world in order to make the Internet development achievements better for the people of the world. Looking at a new generation of artificial intelligence: How does AI change the future? Not long ago, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held the ninth collective study on the status quo and trends of artificial intelligence development. In his study, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that artificial intelligence is a strategic technology that leads this round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and has a strong ¡°head geese¡± effect. Accelerating the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence is an important strategic strategy for us to win the initiative of global science and technology competition, and is an important strategic resource to promote China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading, and overall productivity jump. Why is artificial intelligence so important? How to carry out research and development and lay a solid foundation for the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence? How to strengthen the integration of artificial intelligence and industrial development, and provide new kinetic energy for high-quality development? How to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and guarantee and improve people's livelihood, and promote the deep application of artificial intelligence in people's daily work, study and life? Focusing on these issues, our reporter interviewed industry insiders and related experts. Today, we launched a series of reports on "Perspective A New Generation of Artificial Intelligence", so stay tuned. - If the editors say that the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology has extended human limbs and expanded human power, then a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand humanity. Intelligence, which greatly enhances the value that human intelligence can create. Artificial intelligence is now entering a period of explosive growth. China should seize the opportunity to speed up the layout of artificial intelligence, harvest artificial intelligence dividends, and strive to become the leader of artificial intelligence development. Alpha dogs beat the world's top Go masters, writing robots officially launched... In recent years, artificial intelligence technology has appeared frequently A hot new global technology darling. The development of artificial intelligence has been deployed in various countries around the world: In May 2016, the United States established the Sub-Committee on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, which is responsible for coordinating the research and development of artificial intelligence across departments; the Japanese government and the business community have made artificial intelligence a new One of the core technologies of the scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, and established a relatively complete research and development promotion mechanism at the national level; in March 2017, the French Ministry of Economic Affairs and the Ministry of Education and Research released the "Artificial Intelligence Strategy", aiming to incorporate artificial intelligence. In the original innovation strategy and measures, plan for future development... For artificial intelligence, China also attaches great importance to it. In 2017, it released the ¡°New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan¡± and the ¡°Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Development of a New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Industry (2018-2020)¡±. Why is artificial intelligence so hot? How will it affect the future economic and social development? What does artificial intelligence mean for China? A strategic technology has a deeper drive and influence on all walks of life. With the development of the ¡°head geese¡± effect after more than 60 years of development, artificial intelligence has gone out of the laboratory and is profoundly changing the production and life of human beings. "In the past 10 years, under the help of algorithmic breakthroughs represented by deep learning and the perfect information environment represented by big data, artificial intelligence has entered the practical stage, which can solve many kinds of complicated problems more effectively than any other in history. The period is closer to the level of human intelligence, and even surpasses humans in some respects," said Huang Tiejun, director of the Department of Computer Science and Technology at Peking University. Since the middle of the 18th century, there have been three industrial revolutions, and now a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation is ushered in. If the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology extended the human body, it expanded the power of human beings. Then, a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand human intelligence and greatly enhance the value that human intelligence can create. "Artificial intelligence technology is a universal technology that can be applied in all fields of human society. It is expected that the level of intelligence will continue to increase in the future, and the driving and influence of various industries will be more profound. This is difficult to compare with other technologies." Say. Artificial intelligence can give machine understanding. Based on the traditional calculation method, the machine can only process the information according to the pre-written program. Once there is no preset situation, or need to combine a large number of context judgments, the machine can't do anything about it. Artificial intelligence can give the machine a "brain" of understanding, allowing the machine to interpret the "semantics" of words and data, and obtain the rules of judgment through self-learning. In October of this year, in the machine reading comprehension level test SQuAD1.1, the BERT model created by the Google artificial intelligence team completely surpassed humans in all two metrics, and advanced the ability of the machine to understand human language. . Artificial intelligence can give machine awareness. Prior to the application of artificial intelligence, all machines were not capable of sensing and had no communication skills. Artificial intelligence gives the machine visual, audible, and tactile sensations that enable it to sense the environment and communicate with humans. Artificial intelligence can give the machine the ability to move autonomously. The machine with autonomous movement ability can complete a variety of tasks such as sensory information processing, decision making, and commanding moving parts in a very short time, and complete the interaction with the environment. Currently, driverless cars are a hot spot for innovation in autonomous sports machines. Waymo has completed 12.87 million kilometers of road testing, and is not far from launching practical products; Baidu and FAW Red Flag are planning to launch L4-class self-driving cars in 2020. ¡°Artificial intelligence is a strategic technology with the effect of ¡°head geese¡± by ¡®emphasizing¡¯ the relevant traditional fields, enabling it to achieve major technological innovations and product upgrades,¡± said Tan Tieniu, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. An important strategic resource to promote industrial optimization and upgrading, and the overall productivity of the new generation of artificial intelligence technology has been continuously developed. It has been quickly recognized and accepted by the industry and applied to all walks of life, injecting new and powerful economic and social development. Motivation: In September 2016, the consulting company issued by Accenture pointed out that by applying artificial intelligence technology, by 2035, the annual economic growth rate of 12 developed countries such as the United States, Japan and Britain can be doubled on average; the research released by McKinsey in 2018 The report said that by 2030, the artificial economy will increase its economic scale by 13 trillion US dollars, and its contribution to global economic growth can be compared with other transformative technologies such as steam engines. Artificial intelligence can create a new ¡°virtual workforce¡± to more efficiently complete existing work. Currently in China, the ¡°virtual labor force¡± has begun to replace many single repetitive tasks. Financial institutions, operators, banks, e-commerce, etc. have begun to use virtual customer service to replace manual customer service. Artificial intelligence can increase the ability of existing labor and physical capital to automate on a larger scale. The type code of the microwave oven and the label on the side of the refrigerator are the most labor-intensive places in the production line. Now, Intel's artificial intelligence experts have invented an industrial vision inspection cloud to do this easily, and at a much faster rate than manual. Artificial intelligence can also promote innovation, improve existing products and services, and even create entirely new products and services. In the case of manufacturing, artificial intelligence captures and analyzes data from all aspects of the manufacturing process, thereby improving production operations and making control decisions in real time. In addition, the application of artificial intelligence in the fields of transportation and medical care has greatly improved the level of service precision, comprehensively improved the quality of life of the people, and made life more convenient. Taking drug development as an example, in 2015, Atomwise, a US Silicon Valley company, based on existing drug candidates, applied artificial intelligence algorithms and successfully found two candidate drugs that can control Ebola virus in less than one day. Artificial intelligence technology provides China with an opportunity to overtake a corner. As a manufacturing power, China's low-cost advantage has gradually disappeared in recent years, and the transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industry is imminent. "Using a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will be the key to seize the opportunity to accelerate development." Intel Jiyuan Dean Song Jiqiang said, "In this sense, artificial intelligence technology is indeed promoting China's science and technology leapfrog development, industrial optimization and upgrading. An important strategic resource for the overall productivity jump. "An important strategy to grasp whether it can win the initiative of global science and technology competition, China has the ability to rank among the forefront of artificial intelligence development, the world's major developed countries have developed artificial intelligence as a national competitiveness To maintain a major national security strategy, step up active planning, strengthen deployment around core technologies, top talents, standards and standards, and strive to take the lead in the new round of international science and technology competition. In October 2016, the US National Science and Technology Commission continued to release Two important documents, "Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence" and "National Artificial Intelligence Research and Development Strategic Plan", have raised artificial intelligence to the national strategic position; in April 2018, the European Commission plans to be between 2018 and 2020. Investing $24 billion in artificial intelligence; 2018 In May, France released the "French Artificial Intelligence Strategy", which aims to make France a strong country of artificial intelligence; in June 2018, Japan's "Future Investment Strategy" focused on the application of Internet of Things and artificial intelligence; in July 2018, the German Federation The government passed the document entitled ¡°Federal Government Artificial Intelligence Development Strategy Essentials¡±, hoping to implement this outline document to raise the country¡¯s research and development and application of artificial intelligence to the global advanced level... every technological revolution in the past Industrial change will promote the development of the entire human society. However, the previous industrial revolutions originated in the West and were dominated by their innovation. Nowadays, we are welcoming a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation in the world. We must not miss this major historical opportunity. "If we can't have the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, we can't leap into the high-end of the global value chain in the future, and we can't have global influence." Liu Qingfeng, chairman of Keda Xunfei said. At present, in the field of artificial intelligence, China can basically keep pace with the development of the world's advanced countries, and it is fully capable of being among the forefront: First, China has emerged a group of competitive enterprises and research institutions with good development foundation; Second, a large population. The massive data generated by the base is the precondition for ¡°training¡± artificial intelligence systems; third, the wide industry distribution also provides a broad market for artificial intelligence applications. Experts pointed out that artificial intelligence is now entering the bonus period of explosive growth. China should seize the opportunity to accelerate the layout of artificial intelligence, harvest artificial intelligence dividends, and strive to become the leader in the development of artificial intelligence. Defiance Technology was approved as a national post-doctoral station level site to promote the deep integration of industry, academia and research. With the approval of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China and the National Postdoctoral Management Committee, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. officially established the first-level post-doctoral research station. At the awarding conference for the newly established postdoctoral research station held on December 3, the contempt was officially awarded and the representative of the new postdoctoral research station was spoken. The postdoctoral system is an important system for cultivating high-level innovative young talents in China. Reforming and improving the post-doctoral system, improving the quality of post-doctoral training, and promoting the scientific development of post-doctoral career are the meanings of the post-doctoral workstations. It is also a powerful driving force for the implementation of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on accelerating the construction of innovative national strategies. On behalf of the company, Fu Yingbo, on behalf of the company, delivered a speech at the conference: "Defiance of science and technology as a research and production-oriented enterprise, in the comprehensive cooperation with post-doctoral stations, and actively promote the depth of integration of industry, academia and research, has an unshirkable responsibility. "After that, Defiance Technology is contributing to China's "talent self-confidence"." Despise technology as a new post-doctoral research station representative at the conference. At present, defiance of technology has been intensively launched for postdoctoral workstations. At the same time, we welcome the national colleges and universities and related research institutes that have set up postdoctoral mobile stations to register. After despising technology, post-doctoral students will receive the following resources and benefits: participate in national key scientific research projects that despise science and technology, and have the opportunity to participate in global computer vision academic summits such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, broaden their horizons, enhance exchanges, and grasp technology and industry. The pulse is at the forefront. I started to despise the original technology and self-study and continue to maintain the industry-leading AI "tool", including deep participation in the development of the first deep-learning engine MegBrain for the first company in China and the one-stop cloud service platform Brain++. Defiance Technology has a lineup of research instructors represented by the chief scientist Sun Jian, a first-class team of global institutions of higher learning and technology, and a self-contained BootCamp internal training system. From input to output, you are not alone. In "fighting." Holding AI "tools", with defying technology, we are deeply cultivating many industries such as mobile phone, finance, security, logistics, retail, etc. We are deeply aware of the first-line technical application scenarios and needs, forming positive feedback for scientific research work and completing the closed loop of technology. Defiance Technology is an industry intelligence-driven industry IoT builder. In the past 7 years, Vision Technology has been steadily and steadily, step by step, and has become the ¡°China AI Unicorn¡±. As the only Chinese company to be listed as ¡°the 50 smartest companies in the world¡±, it has won the world¡¯s top ten breakthrough technology awards. He was invited to make a corporate report to Premier Li Keqiang, constantly gaining honor and constantly gaining recognition. In academics, contempt is also a great achievement. In 2018, more than 20 CV top papers were published. After ICCV COCO 2017 defeated Google and Microsoft won three world firsts to become the first Chinese company in the field, ECCV COCO 2018 ¿õAs a result of winning the pursuit of victory, it has won four championships in one fell swoop and constantly refreshed the new height of Chinese technology. In addition, there are many AI top events such as WIDER Face 2018 and CVPR AVA & WAD 2018. The above results are inseparable from the contempt for the importance and practice of the industry-university-research cooperation. Since its inception, contempt has established contacts with universities and research institutes, and has maintained in-depth cooperation. It has established joint laboratories with Xi'an Jiaotong University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Shanghai University of Science and Technology. It has established talent training with the College of Artificial Intelligence of Nanjing University. Base; cooperate with the research-oriented technical cooperation carried out by the Institute of Computing Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to achieve complementary advantages and accelerate the transformation of theoretical results into technological R&D and application innovation. After the establishment of the post-doctoral workstation level site, the contempt will be actively prepared from the process of process formulation, personnel selection, training assessment and other dimensions, continuously open up new boundaries of production, education and research, promote the deep integration of industry, education and research, and strengthen technical beliefs. Investing in research and development, deep drilling deep learning core technology, neural network automation design and large-scale image recognition detection algorithms. With the advantage of postdoctoral workstations, Defiance Technology will continue to write a new chapter in industry, academia and research, not only to achieve world-leading level in the above aspects, but also to change the research pattern of deep learning technology and become the backbone of the global artificial intelligence industry. To be the backbone of China's science and technology, despising technology is not a matter of doing things, but also shouldering the heavy responsibility. AI enters the security and security, the blue ocean remains to be tapped. At present, with the popularization of AI technology, traditional security can no longer meet people's needs, and people put forward higher requirements for security accuracy, extensiveness, efficiency and security. Since 2015, the security industry has begun to introduce AI technology on a large scale, and the term ¡°smart security¡± has been born. With the support of big data, cloud computing, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence and other technologies, smart security is being widely used. Smart policing, smart transportation, smart finance, smart medical and other fields. What is the current status of China's smart security industry? From the end of the 70s to the early 1980s, China's security industry began to sprout. After more than 30 years of development, China's security industry has experienced a start-up phase, a preliminary development phase, and a high-speed development phase. It is entering the mature stage. The scope of application has also evolved from the original special units and departments to various application fields. The security cameras that are visible at any time and the face recognition technology that has emerged in recent years are used in the security applications such as smart police and Xueliang engineering. Significant achievements in the rapid development of China's security industry. At present, China's smart security industry has undergone the development of the ¡°Twelfth Five-Year Plan¡±, basically forming a relatively complete security industry development system and industry management system, in physical protection, anti-theft alarm, video surveillance, explosion-proof security, entrance and exit control, biometric identification. The application level of professional technology fields such as anti-counterfeiting has been comprehensively improved. AI enters the security and security, and becomes the key point of enterprise layout in 2017. It is considered to be the first year of artificial intelligence (AI) development. Compared with other industries, the security industry is an industry that AI technology intervenes earlier, and AI+ security combines various kinds of Security products, technologies and solutions are gradually increasing, further catalyzing the upgrading of the smart security industry. At present, artificial intelligence cameras have been widely used in public security, transportation, education, finance, medical, retail and other fields. Application scenarios include biometrics, vehicle analysis, behavior analysis and image analysis. Taking vehicle analysis as an example, smart security can extract license plates, models, body colors, brands, whether the driver is wearing a seat belt, whether to make a phone call, whether to open a sun visor, the passage time of the car, the direction of travel, and the analysis of the driving trajectory. According to the ¡°Internet¡± Artificial Intelligence Three-Year Action Implementation Plan in 2016, it clearly proposes to implement the intelligent security promotion project, encourage security companies to cooperate with Internet companies, and develop integrated image and video recognition, biometric identification, code recognition, etc. Intelligent security products with multiple technologies promote intelligent, intensive and networked security products. Under the strong promotion of relevant policies, in the next five years, the field of artificial intelligence will be the focus of security enterprise layout, but with the deeper and more complex security application scenarios of AI, the upgrade of the algorithm layer is far from satisfactory. In the application of security combat technology, in order to realize the large-scale landing of AI in security, we must make concerted development of the six links of ¡°algorithm, computing power, data, products, engineering and solutions¡±. With the scale of the trillion-dollar market, the blue ocean has yet to be tapped. With the continuous development of China's ¡°smart city¡± and ¡°harmonious society¡±, the scale of China's security market continues to expand. According to the data of the Prospective Industry Research Institute's "2018-2023 China Security Industry Market Prospect and Investment Strategic Planning Analysis Report", the total output value of China's security industry reached 620 billion in 2017, a year-on-year growth rate of 14.8%, the highest increase since 2013. Speed, forward forecast It is expected that in 2018, the total output value of China's security industry will still have a relatively rapid growth. With the advent of the AI+IOT era, new technologies such as artificial intelligence are continually spawning new products and applications. Therefore, we can predict that the future of smart security will soon enter the trillion-dollar market. At present, the total income structure of China's security industry includes three aspects. First, security engineering, its output value is 378.2 billion yuan, accounting for 61% of the total market; second, security products, its output value is 1984 billion yuan. The proportion is 32%; the third is operation and maintenance and other, the output value is 43.4 billion yuan, accounting for 7%. The main sources of income in China's security industry are security engineering and security products. However, future operations and services will be the main source of market growth. As an important field in the process of building a smart city, smart security is driven by market demand. Many security companies are vigorously developing smart security products. The rapid development of the smart security industry also promotes the construction of smart cities. Create a smart transportation system to avoid information silos. Smart city construction breaks through the bottleneck of urban development and promotes the harmonious development of the city as the starting point and the foothold. The scope of the coverage covers all aspects of urban life, including various systems of urban operation management, such as transportation and security. , tourism, education, etc. When the target of the smart city is decomposed and landed, it is implemented as a relatively large subdivision of smart transportation, smart tourism, smart medical care, and wisdom education. The construction of smart cities is based on breaking through the bottlenecks of urban development and promoting the harmonious development of cities. The areas covered include all aspects of urban life, including various systems of urban operation and management, such as transportation, security, tourism, and education. When the target of the smart city is decomposed and landed, it is implemented as a relatively large subdivision of smart transportation, smart tourism, smart medical care, and wisdom education. Urban construction, traffic first, transportation is the artery of urban economic development, and intelligent transportation is an important part of smart city construction. Smart transportation can alleviate traffic congestion, improve urban traffic conditions, maximize the efficiency of urban traffic, and establish a new-generation integrated traffic operation coordination system that coordinates the coordinated operation of people, vehicles, roads and environment, and realize the overall operational efficiency of urban transportation systems. The construction tide plays a very important role. The status quo and characteristics of smart transportation in the construction of smart cities With the rapid improvement of China's urban economic level, the construction of transportation infrastructure is accelerating, the demand for urban transportation is increasing, the contradiction between transportation supply and demand is increasingly prominent, traffic congestion, traffic pollution, traffic accidents frequently occur. A series of problems such as parking difficulties have become a bottleneck restricting urban social and economic development, and have become the focus of current traffic management departments, and also the focus of urban smart transportation construction. At present, smart transportation applications are mainly reflected in the following aspects: building high-definition video surveillance systems to improve bayonet, electronic police, traffic guidance, signal control, traffic information analysis, traffic incident detection, mobile police, etc., to assist traffic management personnel Traffic command and dispatch, contain traffic violations, and maintain traffic order can assist public security personnel in conducting public security prevention and control, and criminal investigation. Construction of traffic ¡°flow, situation analysis, induction¡± system construction road traffic flow, traffic situation analysis system, traffic guidance release system. Through the traffic flow analysis and situation analysis system, the current urban road congestion situation is analyzed in real time, and the real-time status of the road is released through the induction release system. After understanding the road congestion situation, the public can reasonably choose the travel route to alleviate the serious local congestion. In conjunction with the traffic guidance release system, the abnormal situation of the road ahead of the vehicle can be reminded in real time and bypassed in advance. The construction of GPS monitoring system realizes the management of comprehensive information such as file management, location monitoring and real-time scheduling of two passengers and one dangerous vehicle, effectively curbing the problems of vehicle overspeed, detour driving, slow emergency response, etc., and fully realizes the dynamic information of vehicle comprehensive information. Management, further improve the vehicle's dynamic monitoring and emergency command and dispatch capabilities, improve vehicle management and management efficiency, and provide guarantee for safe driving and scientific management of vehicles. The construction of the bus supervision system effectively solves the public security monitoring in the bus, monitors the passengers' evasion and the passengers stealing the ticket. When a vehicle has a traffic accident such as a scraping or collision in the course of operation, it assists in identifying the responsibility of the accident afterwards, and gets rid of the backward situation of the ¡°invisible, inaudible¡± operation of the bus. The construction city parking induction management system will carry out orderly management of roadside parking resources and non-roadside parking resources through intelligent and networked technologies, improve the convenience of drivers, standardize the charging process, and simplify the work of toll collectors. Through the roadside parking space induction screen or mobile APP, the driver can provide real-time information such as parking lot location, remaining parking space and induction route to guide the driver to stop, reduce the time consumption of the driver to find the parking lot and the parking space, and reduce the vehicle driving. Exhaust emissions, road congestion, noise and other pollution make parking no longer difficult. Building a car networking system Internet companies frequently operate in the unmanned field, using their own technology, data precipitation, capital advantages and mature Internet thinking, constantly launching car networking products and solutions to seize the market and play a role in the development of the smart transportation industry. Important role. The Difficulties and Bottlenecks of Smart Transportation in the Construction of Smart Cities The lack of top-level design of smart transportation At present, China's urban smart transportation generally lacks top-level design, and it is urgent to establish a systematic and comprehensive intelligent transportation framework system. Based on scientific methodology, from the perspective of urban transportation Strategic planning and overall design of smart transportation, guiding the design, construction and operation management of urban intelligent transportation system from top to bottom and from near to far. The degree of information sharing between departments is low. The number of transportation related departments and subordinate units is large. Most of the information systems are developed by different software companies in different periods. The system runs independently and cannot be interconnected. There is information island phenomenon, resulting in fragmentation of traffic data. Distribution, low information utilization and poor integration, lack of effective information communication and sharing among departments. Massive traffic data is difficult to fully utilize. Because the information systems of different departments are independent of each other, the data standards and formats are different, and the massive data existing in each business system cannot be shared and used, resulting in limited ability to sense and collect traffic information. The value has not been effectively tapped, and the data has not played its due value. In the functions of traffic monitoring, travel services, traffic command, emergency response, etc., the role of intelligent decision support for advance prediction, event management and post-event evaluation cannot be fully utilized. While doing its own industry, smart transportation needs to extend horizontally, and cooperate with various industries in smart cities such as smart medical care, smart security, smart environmental protection, etc. to avoid information islands or redundant construction. Smart transportation service Smart medical treatment, such as a traffic accident in a certain place, requires the rescue of medical personnel, where to dispatch an ambulance, which route is the most smooth, requires the transportation department to cooperate with the best solution, and the transportation department is planning the road network. The design and layout of the emergency lane should also be done. Smart weather service intelligent traffic, smart traffic to obtain weather information, provide reasonable travel route planning for the public according to weather conditions, and publish traffic guidance information such as strong wind, dense fog and other warning signs and simple graphics through the guidance screen, so that drivers can understand in advance Road conditions, avoid traffic jams, and reduce traffic accidents. Conclusion The intelligent transportation system is based on the premise of innovative transformation of the smart city management system and operational mechanism, and creates a new model, new system and new normal of smart city transportation. Smart transportation provides comprehensive travel information for the public, provides support for decision-making support for transportation industry management, and makes people, vehicles and roads work closely to achieve harmony and unity, and improve the livability of the city. It is the basic project for the construction of smart cities. Despising Science and Technology Yinqi: Passing the fire of innovation, 50 years of health work for Zhongguancun On the evening of December 8, ¡°To pay tribute to the new era, paying tribute to the innovators¡± Zhongguancun Innovation Night was held in Huaxi LIVE Wukesong¡¤M Space. Yin Qi, founder and CEO of Beijing Desire Technology Co., Ltd., was invited to attend the event and delivered the ¡°Fire of Innovation¡± as a representative of the new generation of Zhongguancun. He was honored with the honorary chairman of Lenovo Group Co., Ltd. Liu Chuanzhi and the chairman of Xiaomi Company Lei Jun. Outstanding entrepreneurs, look back on the legendary history of 40 years and talk about the spirit of Zhongguancun. As a major event to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up of Haidian District and the 40th anniversary of the innovation and development of Zhongguancun, the atmosphere of ¡°innovation¡± at the Zhongguancun Innovation Night event was very strong. While passing through the 40-year time corridor of Zhongguancun, the guests relived the time of Zhongguancun¡¯s hard struggle and enthusiasm for 40 years. The time corridor not only shows the great history of Zhongguancun¡¯s dream-seeking innovation, but also through face recognition and virtual photography. The technology of multi-touch screen and other guests made the guests feel the full sense of science and technology in Haidian and Zhongguancun. Among them, Despise Technology provided mature "face signing" support for the guests with mature face recognition technology. Innovative night, the whole event is divided into five chapters: order, entrepreneurship, mission, creation, struggle, innovation, dream, and conclusion. Among them, the "Preface" has shown the major stages, major events and outstanding figures of Zhongguancun's 40-year development process in the form of a timeline through the short film "40 Years of Dream Creation", showing great changes and fruitful results in 40 years; The mission begins with a short film "From 0 to 1", starting with Chen Chunxian's founding of the first private technology company in Zhongguancun, to the rise of Lenovo, focusing on Zhongguancun at the beginning of reform and opening up, telling the story of Zhongguancun's first generation of innovators; ¡°Creation¡¤Struggle¡± begins with the short film ¡°The Light of the New Century¡±. Zhongguancun¡¯s Mesozoic entrepreneurs Lei Jun, Wang Wenjing and Guo Wei are on the stage to tell the entrepreneurial process of the Mesozoic entrepreneurs represented by the Internet industry. The chapter ¡°Innovation¡¤Dream¡± begins with a short video ¡°New Era, New Mission, New Era¡±, which tells the story of the new generation of companies in the context of double-generation in the past 10 years, and the dreams of modern Zhongguancun innovators. It is in this context that contempt technology has been established and grown. In the 7th year of its founding, Despise Technology has grown into a nationwide artificial intelligence unicorn, all of which stems from the dream of ¡°changing the world¡±. ¡ø Vision Technology Founder and CEO Inch Technology "Developing technology with a new generation of artificial intelligence algorithms as the core, combined with advanced IoT sensors, is committed to creating digital upgrades in urban management, intelligent manufacturing and logistics retail." As the founder and CEO of Technology, Yin Qi, in the interview section of Zhongguancun Innovation Night, expressed his own corporate dreams and personal goals in one sentence: "I have a big dream to make contempt to be created by Chinese people. The world's top artificial intelligence company, the small goal is to adhere to the spirit of Tsinghua University for 50 years of health work in the motherland, 50 years of health work for Zhongguancun!" In the subsequent on-site connection, the audience enjoyed the Zhongguancun Street and Zhongguancun No.1 The light show presents a fascinating street view. In order to continue the innovative spirit of Zhongguancun, the torch relaying the spirit of innovation was passed to a new generation of entrepreneurs through the ¡°Fire of Innovation¡± ceremony. In India, as one of the young entrepreneurs of Zhongguancun, Shangqi accepted the entrepreneurs of the older generation. Passing the torch. ¡øZhongguancun's innovative spirit and fire-fighting activities Finally, the Haidian District Party Committee's four-team team represented the leaders of the Haidian and Zhongguancun and contributed to the innovation and development of each of the leaders, entrepreneurs, scientists and entrepreneurs. They expressed their highest respect and sincere gratitude. He said that reviewing the history of Haidian's innovation and development is the history of Haidian people's continued struggle, the history of Haidian's national mission, and the history of Haidian's constant pursuit of dreams and innovation. Haidian District, as the birthplace and core area of ??Zhongguancun, took the initiative to advance the pilot and actively assumed the responsibility of the national science and technology system reform experimental field and the pioneer of national science and technology innovation. ¡ø Haidian District Party Secretary Yu Jun made a summary speech for 40 years. In the history of innovation, the younger generation of Zhongguancun people struggled to fight, and the younger generation is striding forward along the footsteps. In the new era, we will embark on a new journey with our new mission. As a leading technology enterprise in Zhongguancun, Defiance Technology will continue to burn the ¡°fire of innovation¡±, strengthen its technical beliefs, and continue to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology.How artificial intelligence will improve the Internet of Things From smart TVs and smart refrigerators to smartphones and smart voice devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) is fast becoming part of our daily lives. These devices collect large amounts of data every day, and the company is hoarding the data and hopes that the prediction algorithm will gain some insight. So, how does artificial intelligence improve the Internet of Things? Artificial intelligence benefits from science fiction and movies, and artificial intelligence (AI) is notorious. When most people think of artificial intelligence, the HAL9000 in the 2001: Space Roaming or Skynet in the Terminator series will emerge in their minds. Really sensible artificial intelligence can pose a threat without proper regulation. In addition, machine learning algorithms are the basis of artificial intelligence. The idea behind machine learning is to create computers that can be learned without programming. It's already used on a small scale¡ªfor example, your web TV show recommendation is the basic form of machine learning, which analyzes the shows and movies you watch and uses that data to give you new options. Integrating artificial intelligence into IoT machine learning has taken the first step in the IoT world. Autonomous vehicles are one of the largest IoT devices, and even cars that offer only some autopilot functions, such as Tesla, rely heavily on machine learning. You can program autonomous vehicles to understand the basic rules of the road and how to deal with the most common obstacles you may encounter. However, when you introduce other drivers into the mix, it is not possible to program every possible variable. This is why machine learning is so important in the Internet of Things. Just out of the production line, Tesla will get all the information that Tesla is currently collecting, and then learn all the new variables encountered and share it with all connected cars, which makes the autopilot mode for all Tes It is safer to pull the driver. The Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Big Data is an industry term that applies to any large data collection. It can be medical data collected by doctors and hospitals, as well as usage data for IoT devices and any data between them. However, much of the data collected is often useless, but industry leaders can use information such as usage and buying habits to predict sales trends and other changes in the market. The prediction algorithms currently in use are useful to allow computers to make predictions, but they are limited by processing power and learning ability. Traditional computers can process thousands of bytes of data. On the other hand, computers powered by artificial intelligence can also process the data and discover trends, and then follow these trends to draw conclusions. Machine learning is not the perfect solution. Microsoft used the basic version of the program on Twitter accounts. In less than 24 hours, the Twitter troll turned the AI ??chat bot into a racist and sent unpleasant information to everyone. For the growing IoT industry, an appropriately regulated artificial intelligence system may be a valuable tool that has the potential to transform and shape every industry by predicting market changes. Imagine running a company that produces wearables that predicts the best-selling device types in the next quarter. This can make more money on sales and save money by reducing the production of slow-moving goods. The combination of the Internet of Things and artificial intelligence can reduce or eliminate excess commodity inventory. As long as the system is properly regulated, machine learning can shape the way we look at the world and has changed the way we use IoT devices. AI developers show their decent strength to drive Chinese AI technology to the world. For many years, China has been paying attention to China's performance in AI soft power. Is there any possibility for Chinese developers to have a detour? Regardless of how others look at it, at least from the current competition data of various countries, China¡¯s performance in AI soft power is indeed good. Although it is not very advanced, it has leap forward with an unstoppable trend. Chinese developers Strength should not be underestimated. The number of Chinese AI patent applications ranked first in the world According to an authoritative report in the industry, the number of AI patent applications in China has reached the top in the world. Among the subjects of patent applications, most of China is led by artificial intelligence companies such as Baidu. Although comparing some of the artificial intelligence technology companies in the United States, Chinese developers are still in short supply in the depth of their research on the number of finished products, but it is commendable that Chinese companies are obviously more explosive, which also benefits from The spirit of artificial intelligence developers who are brave in innovation and adventure, like the current state of artificial intelligence technology in China, can present a more vigorous development. It is worth mentioning that in the relevant paper applications related to the AI ??field, the proportion of Chinese developers in the world is also very high, and only the data in 2017 has reached 27.68%, which has already The country is far behind, fully demonstrating the capabilities of Chinese artificial intelligence developers, they have a more forward-looking thinking, and have more control over the development of AI technology. In addition, among the world's top academic conferences, Chinese developers' AI papers have been introduced in many times and can be compared with the United States. Above the citation point of AI academic papers, the works of Chinese developers are also recognized by more users around the world. Chinese developers have strong AI technology in the global AI competition field can change a country's economy, but also can change a country's global influence. Currently, in the global AI competition field, China is in a relatively medium-sized position. The image of the future has also made more people change their Chinese developers. It is reported that China's AI technical team has repeatedly achieved good results in the global AI competition, and has harvested a wealth of achievements, fully demonstrating the capabilities of Chinese developers, showing China's AI soft power competition level. Uncommon. Of course, although China's AI strength has a very good development in the new era, it must not be proud. After all, China's AI road is still very long, and in this process, developers from all sides need to do their best. Strive for a more rapid road to AI that is suitable for China's own development. Year-end interpretation, three hot areas of smart city Smart city uses information and communication technology to sense, analyze and integrate key information of the core system of urban operation, including people's livelihood, environmental protection, public safety, urban services, industrial and commercial activities. A variety of needs to make intelligent responses. This includes the ¡°urban brain¡± and the synergy of every ¡°cell¡± in a smart city. From the construction content, it can be divided into infrastructure construction, information application, and intelligent construction of various industries; from the different objects, it can be divided into three major contents: smart government, smart industry, and wisdom and people's livelihood. Near the end of 2018, we will analyze the three sections of ¡°Traffic, Medical, and Community¡±, which are more popular in smart cities. Smart transportation: travel just needs cross-border integration to become the trend of the world. Intelligent traffic is based on the traffic intelligent dispatching system. It integrates IT technologies such as Internet of Things, cloud computing, big data and mobile internet, and provides real-time information information collection and processing. Traffic data service. Through the data integration of the major system models, it provides solutions to the rice, optimizes the analysis of the urban road network, and provides support for urban planning decisions. In addition to cross-border giants, many innovative companies are also emerging. New travel service providers, data service providers, and integrated transportation service providers are constantly exploring business opportunities in the context of smart transportation industry. At present, the intelligent transportation field is active in companies such as Alibaba, Tencent, Baidu, Jingdong, Huawei, Ping An Technology, Didi, Gaode, and Chihiro. The intelligent transportation system consists of five major components: traffic information service and management system, public transportation system, vehicle control system, electronic toll collection system, and emergency rescue system. Traffic information service and management system. The information service system can provide road traffic information, public transportation information, transfer mode and time, traffic weather information, parking lot information, and other information related to travel to traffic participants in real time. The advanced traffic management system is mainly used by traffic managers. The monitoring, communication and control technologies are used to transmit the traffic conditions obtained by traffic monitoring to the traffic control center via the communication network. The center combines the information obtained by other parties to formulate and evaluate. The traffic control strategy implements holistic traffic management to achieve the objectives of maximizing transportation efficiency and transportation safety, and emphasizes the functions of coordination and real-time control between systems. public transport system. In order to improve the efficiency of public transportation, the intelligent information network is used to optimize the traffic flow on the road and ensure traffic safety. This includes releasing real-time operational information of vehicles to the public to improve service levels, improve operational efficiency, and enhance the attractiveness of public transportation. Vehicle control system. Combined with sensors, computers, communication and automatic control technology applied to vehicles and road facilities, there are two levels: one is the vehicle-assisted safe driving system, and the other is the automatic driving system. The main feature is the use of sensors to assist the human sensory function, reduce the occurrence of danger, improve the degree of automatic control, and implement safer, more accurate and reliable control. Electronic toll collection system. Using advanced electronic information technology to enable vehicles to pass through the toll booth at a higher speed, all information of the vehicle, including the technical parameters of the vehicle itself, the owner and work unit, tax status and bank account number, are all stored in the electronic card. When the vehicle passes through the toll booth, the in-vehicle communicator and the antenna of the toll booth perform two-way wireless communication, and the toll booth automatically withdraws the toll through the bank account of the owner. Emergency rescue system. When a road accident occurs, the system is responsible for quickly handling accidents, timely treating the wounded, and rationally diverting traffic. Including vehicle failure and accident assistance, accident rescue dispatch, and priority traffic for rescue vehicles, the accident can be released in the shortest time to minimize damage. Traveling has become a need for mass life, and the intelligent transportation industry ecosystem has been integrated across borders to provide more sophisticated, accurate, complete and intelligent services for the masses. This will also become an important goal for the intelligent transportation system to serve the public. The future development of smart transportation and automobile manufacturing, automobile service industry, transportation operation service, information service and other industries has become the trend of the times. Smart Health: Subverting the Traditional Model Opening a new chapter in medical treatment As an important part of the urbanization process, the community telemedicine care system can effectively save social resources and serve the public effectively in today's ¡°urban disease¡±. The establishment of the electronic health record system and the medical public service platform can solve the current contradiction between doctors and patients who are ¡°difficult to see a doctor and expensive to see a doctor¡±. Through the efficient use of information technology, creating a platform system and reducing the waiting time for patients, smart medical care has become an important measure to promote Huimin medical treatment, providing patients with fair, safe, convenient and high-quality medical services. The Smart Health System consists of three parts: the Smart Hospital System, the Regional Health System, and the Family Health System. Smart hospital system. The system mainly provides the collection, storage, processing, extraction and data exchange of patient medical information and administrative management information. The services that can be provided include remote visit, remote consultation, automatic alarm, clinical decision system, smart prescription and so on. Regional health system. It includes two parts: regional health platform and public health system. The former is mainly to collect, process, and transmit all the information recorded by the community, hospitals, medical research institutions, and health supervision departments. It can provide basic treatment for general diseases, community care for chronic diseases, referral for major illnesses, receiving and receiving referrals, scientific research management, etc. service. The latter mainly provides public health services such as epidemic surveillance. Family health system. Close to the public health protection, including telemedicine that can't be sent to hospitals for mobility problems, remote care for chronic diseases and old and young patients, health monitoring for special people such as mental retardation, disability, infectious diseases, etc. Smart medication system for medication time, contraindications, and residual medication. Through the Internet of Things, smart cities can realize the possibility of connecting everything, and people, buildings, transportation, and the environment will be integrated into the entire data network to improve urban services. At the same time, this connectivity can in turn help improve the health of residents. Driven by new medical models such as mobile medical, smart medical care and telemedicine, the global smart medical market is in a steady development stage. In 2015, the market sales were approximately US$251.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of 11.50%. Smart Community: Scene Change for Community Value Empowerment In today's society where information technology is developing at a high speed, community residents are increasingly demanding community services, and it is urgent to use modern information, digital, and networked means to change the management of grassroots tradition. The service model meets the diverse social service needs of the residents, and the smart community becomes the cornerstone of the development of smart cities. The smart community is a new concept of community management under the concept of smart city, and it is a new mode of social management innovation under the new situation. By making full use of next-generation information technologies such as the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and mobile Internet, we will realize more powerful functions and diversified value-added services, and provide users with a smart life of all things connected. The smart community service system can be divided into two parts from the most basic convenience: the basic hardware environment and software environment, which can be divided into building intercom system, face system, community management system and so on. Building intercom system. As an important information device for the community and the family, the smart community closely links users, families, properties, communities and business districts. Users can easily use the diverse services provided by the community and the business district through applications such as digital terminals and APPs. The building intercom system is an important part of the complex system of the smart community, and it is also an outstanding embodiment of the soft and hard combination of the smart community. The building intercom system is an indispensable system for new homes and carries important responsibility for safeguarding family and community safety. Due to the deep stay in the home, the system starts up 24 hours, occupying the main position of the living room, occupying the entrance and exit of the community and the family, and possessing certain user stickiness. It has a natural advantage in carrying the intelligent community and the application of the smart city. Relying on the development of digital technology, improving the performance of information collection, transmission, processing and display, enhancing security and anti-interference ability. From a technical point of view, video intercom digitalization can well solve two main networking problems that are difficult to solve in analog systems: long-distance audio and video transmission problems and networked multi-channel problems, and can be used as digital visual terminals. Node, realize integration with home alarm, home lighting system, home appliance control system. Digital building intercom has fundamentally changed the bottleneck of the intercom system, making it possible to combine smart communities with building intercommunication, bringing new industrial opportunities to the smart community industry, and further integrating the intercom and smart community systems. The value-added space of the intercom system is improved, and the cost performance of the system is also improved, so that the promotion and application of the new system is more extensive. Face system. The system features stranger recognition, blacklist alarms, gender identification, age recognition, static retrieval and dynamic retrieval, as well as powerful statistical analysis of data. So, what can face recognition technology do for building a smart community? The face recognition access control system is mainly equipped with an ID card identification area and a face recognition area. The community residents need to register the face information first. After the registration is completed, the community camera will capture the data and send the data to the background for facial features. After the extraction, the comparison is successful, after the identity is confirmed, the community door will automatically open, liberating the hands of the household. In addition, the face recognition system also includes a face recognition visitor system, a face recognition video distribution control system, and the like. Community management system. In smart cities, taking the smallest unit community in the city as an example, through non-matching face recognition, the property management department can help the owners to be more friendly in terms of visitor management, property notification (water and electricity fee notification, garage information, etc.). Natural life experience. The rise of intelligence has ushered in an important opportunity for the construction of a smart community. In the future, the smart community will move towards network coverage, system integration, equipment intelligence, and design ecology. By advancing the construction of a smart community, the ultimate goal of building a smart city is despised. The Hangzhou company is unveiled to help build smart cities. This morning, the ¡°Artificial Intelligence Industry Application Forum and the launching ceremony of the Vision Technology in Hangzhou¡± jointly organized by the Hangzhou Future Technology City Management Committee and Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. was held in the Future Science and Technology City. Liu Weihua, deputy head of the Yuhang District People's Government of Hangzhou, attended the forum and delivered a speech. Li Jie, Director of Investment Promotion Bureau of Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City Management Committee, Liang Chunlei, Director of Zhejiang Second Prison, Yang Shengyou, Deputy Prisoner of Zhejiang Second Prison, Mao Jian, Director of Information Center of Hangzhou Transportation Bureau, President of Defiance Technology Fu Yingbo and other leaders and guests attended the event. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vision Technology, Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. will serve as the defensive security and intelligent hardware headquarters, relying on the strong research and development strength of the Group, and carry out innovative research and development of security application technology and intelligent hardware related to the Internet of Things. Research and development. Liu Weihua said that ignoring technology to choose to build intelligent security business headquarters and intelligent hardware headquarters in Yuhang District is an recognition of Yuhang District's business environment and development environment. ¡°Hangzhou, as the city of mobile Internet, has the top three enterprises in the domestic security industry, and has unique advantages in developing intelligent security. It is the first unicorn enterprise to apply AI technology to the traditional security industry. Settling in Hangzhou will help to improve the overall level of artificial intelligence industry development in Hangzhou and the status of the National Science and Technology Innovation Center. According to the "China Artificial Intelligence Development Report 2018" data, as of June 2018, among the 20 cities with the largest number of artificial intelligence companies in the world, Hangzhou and Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen have joined the list of the top 20 cities in the world. As a highland of economic information in Zhejiang Province, Yuhang District plays an important strategic role in the development of digital economy in Hangzhou and even in Zhejiang Province. Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City, which was launched last year, is known as the ¡°Shanshan Silicon Valley¡±. It attracts many Internet giants with its unique location advantages such as perfect preferential policies, rich artificial intelligence resources, diverse industrial clusters and high-level talents. The project landed. Among them, the artificial intelligence town gathered the Zhijiang Laboratory, Zhejiang University-Alibaba Frontier Technology Joint Research Center, Beihang VR/AR Innovation Research Institute, Zhejiang Intelligent Medical Equipment Manufacturing Innovation Center, Baidu (Hangzhou) Innovation Center, etc. Platforms and innovative projects are stationed. This time, the defiance of technology choices settled in Yuhang, it is the location advantage of Yuhang. Fu Yingbo, president of Defiance Technology, said that he despised the connection between Ali and Hangzhou. In the place where Alibaba¡¯s dream began and set sail, he despised the hope of becoming the new ¡°Alibaba¡± in the field of artificial intelligence in the next 5-10 years. At the forum, Hangzhou Jinyun Jinzhi Technology Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Second Prison and Hangzhou Yuhang Security Service Co., Ltd. to carry out in-depth cooperation on the application of artificial intelligence in related industries. According to the plan, in the next three years, Defiance Technology will set up a business R&D team of over 100 people in Hangzhou, and gradually increase its investment in Hangzhou depending on the development. Through a series of layouts, Defiance will provide the core driving force of artificial intelligence for the digital upgrade of Hangzhou and other cities with its strong technical strength and perfect localization ability. For the still young Hangzhou company, Fu Yingbo issued a message of ¡°going into narrow doors, walking far, seeing shimmer¡±. He concluded that all winners or strong players must have enough courage to choose to enter the narrow door. "Narrow doors have a future than wide doors." In the process of traveling, it is necessary to take a long way, not to be close to the road. "And with confidence, gradually see the shimmer." In the next ¡°Artificial Intelligence Industry Application¡± theme sharing session, Liu Daolin, co-founder and CEO of Wuhan Huilian Unlimited Technology Co., Ltd.; CEO Xiebian of Chengdu Xiwei Technology Co., Ltd.; partner of Hangzhou Green Bay Network Technology Co., Ltd. Vice President Feng Haili; Vice President of Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd., Chen Zhenhua, General Manager of Mobile Phone and Intelligent Terminal Business Unit; Liu Jianjun, General Manager of Strategic Business of Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd.; Wu Yu, Senior Director of Solutions, Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd. The artificial intelligence technology brought about changes in related industries in various scenarios of artificial intelligence industry application. Especially in the field of artificial intelligence to help the public security combat, intelligent manufacturing, vehicle management and driving behavior control, smart community, etc., the guests participated in the professional sharing. The industry leaders and experts who participated in the event, the enterprises in the artificial intelligence industry chain, and the entrepreneur representatives of the ¡°Artificial Intelligence Town¡± made the venue full of people, fully aware that the application of artificial intelligence is not only the future, but also the present tense. The participating guests showed great interest in how to use artificial intelligence technology to promote their business development. I believe that the future will be able to collide more in the deep understanding and exchange, and promote more extensive cooperation. After 8 years of development, Vision has become the world's leading machine vision artificial intelligence enterprise, creating an "AI+loT" strategic layout, with its world-leading face recognition open platform Face++ and third-party face authentication platform FaceID. It can provide customized AI products for urban security, and combine the technology of artificial intelligence machine vision with the innovation needs of public security and justice. With this activity, Yuhang District once again highlighted the determination and development of the artificial intelligence industry in Yuhang District. The defiance of the stationed as a new leading enterprise in the ¡°artificial intelligence town¡±, making Yuhang District more developed in the artificial intelligence industry. Impact and appeal.Analysis: In what areas is the face recognition technology market? In simple terms, face recognition technology is a mathematical formula for calculating the different position distances of facial organs. For the input face image or video stream, first determine whether it exists, and if so, further give each The position and size of the face and the position information of each major facial organ, and based on this information, further extract the identity features contained in each face and compare it with the known face database to realize the identity recognition function. . Face recognition technology has experienced the three-layer evolution process of visible light image face recognition, three-dimensional image face recognition/thermal image face recognition, and multi-light source face recognition based on active near-infrared image, which gradually mitigates and solves environmental changes such as light. For the influence of face recognition and the continuous and precise evolution of algorithms, face recognition technology has gradually entered more and more new application fields. The application of face recognition in the financial/social security field in the financial industry is reflected in the emergence of face payment technology. On March 17, at the opening ceremony of the Hanover Electronics Fair in Germany, Ma Yun bought a 20 Euro Hanover Electronics Exhibition commemorative stamp on his website in front of Chinese Vice Premier Ma Kai and German Chancellor Merkel. Then, he paid the bill with his face and personally displayed Alipay's face recognition technology "SmiletoPay", and the face payment was kicked off. In May 2015, the ¡°Guiding Opinions on the Opening of RMB Bank Accounts by Banking Financial Institutions (Draft for Comment)¡± and the Internet Finance Upstart MicroBank and Zhejiang Online Merchant Bank revealed that they will use face recognition into remote account opening as a technology. Based on the "remote face recognition + identity verification" mode to open accounts for financial clients. This means that biometrics, represented by face recognition, is about to enter the formal commercial stage in the banking industry. Instantly, this kind of high-opening account has become a "sweet", and "eat by face" has become popular overnight. The integration of face recognition and the financial industry has been further strengthened. On the other hand, face recognition is a escort for payment security. In recent years, due to the lack of a unified information sharing platform, that is, modern supervision means, the phenomenon of identity card fraud has been repeatedly banned, leading to social security, bank cards being stolen and stolen, and many people suffer huge economic losses. In order to prevent the ¡°cold plugging¡± of pensions, many sites have adopted automatic identification for preliminary screening. The pilot work has achieved significant results and plans to carry out equipment upgrades nationwide. The development of the economy in the safe city/community sector has resulted in a large gap in the development of urban and rural economic levels. A large number of rural populations have flooded into cities, resulting in dense urban population and greatly improved liquidity, which has led to a series of security problems such as urban transportation and public security. In recent years, the social crime rate has been increasing year by year, especially cybercrime is more serious, network fugitives frequently occur, criminals' criminal methods are more concealed and advanced, and it is more difficult for public security personnel to detect cases. At the same time, vicious incidents occur from time to time, making people's sense of security in public places generally lower. In some complex situations, such as airports, ports, stations, entertainment venues, streets, etc., the flow of personnel is frequent, and criminals are often mixed, which is the key monitoring area of ??the safe city. In addition, due to the large number of people entering and exiting large-scale communities/schools, security personnel cannot identify and check the entry personnel due to negligence and fatigue. The cameras installed at the entrances and exits cannot be intelligently checked and cannot be alerted. There are many uncertainties. And security risks. Based on core cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition and intelligent video analysis, for the security management of long-distance passenger stations, railway stations and other public places and important entrances and exits, other objects can be distinguished from the video screen according to the characteristics of the face, and the video of the face can be found. Store and provide intelligent retrieval for future. As long as it is the face that appears in the surveillance camera screen, through the comparison method, the person can be found in the vast sea of ??people in a short time, providing a great weapon for the police to find someone, hunt down, etc., and become a crime against illegal activities. An important technology for a safe city. In the field of education, the national crime of child trafficking is relatively rampant, with tens of thousands of victims and affected families. In order to minimize the risk of children being taken away by lawless elements during kindergarten school, the application of face recognition technology, parents brush their faces to pick up children, can curb the risk of trafficking from the source. Secondly, in recent years, the state has formulated relevant examination policies and hopes to select and use talents in an open, fair and just manner. However, from the entrance examinations such as the senior high school entrance examination and the college entrance examination, to the qualifications for practicing, promotion and promotion, etc., the test ** phenomenon has appeared to varying degrees, and the patterns and techniques are unprecedentedly advanced and complicated, especially the high-tech equipment is put into the exam for cheating. The means is to increase the difficulty of the relevant agencies. In order to strengthen the certification management of the examination room, the face recognition self-certification is used to prevent the occurrence of the "hard **" phenomenon in the examination room. By automatically reading the information in the document locally and automatically detecting and capturing the face of the candidate, the photo features in the document and the real-time face feature are compared and identified to identify whether the candidate and the certificate are in the same identity. Automatically and quickly assist the invigilator to complete the inspection. Nowadays, the phenomenon of ¡°replacement¡±, ¡°dismissal¡± and ¡°discipline¡± in colleges and universities has been commonplace, and even a complete industrial chain has been formed. The reason for ¡°study¡± is due to the loopholes in the traditional way of naming. Face recognition is based on the person's facial feature information for identity authentication. As long as the information is collected into the face attendance machine, each time a class is taken with one's own face, the attendance record can be fully realized, and it can be recognized in one second. And it won't be affected by light, so don't worry about discerning mistakes. ¡°Hand in Hand¡± IoT Wisdom Security Upgrade and Acceleration In the previous International Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things and Smart City Forum and 2018 International Telecommunication Union Internet of Things and Smart City Research Group Plenary Meeting (ITU-T SG20 Plenary), Industry and Informatization Wang Weiming, deputy director of the Department of Science and Technology, said: Network information technology has been transformed into real productivity at an unprecedented rate. From shallow tools and products, it has deepened the infrastructure and key elements of reshaping production organization, and profoundly changed the global economic structure. , interest pattern, security pattern. As a typical representative of network information technology, the Internet of Things is promoting an unprecedented opportunity for economic and social development. Data on the development of the Internet of Things industry at home and abroad shows that in 2008, the size of China's Internet of Things market reached 78 billion yuan, reaching 600 billion yuan in 2014. In 2015, the size of China's Internet of Things market was about 750 billion yuan, and in 2016 it reached 935 billion yuan. about. In 2017, the scale of China's Internet of Things industry reached 1.12 billion yuan. As of 2018H1, the number of Internet of Things terminals in China has reached 465 million, 2.5 times that of the same period last year (Ministry of Industry and Information Technology). China Mobile recently announced that its Internet of Things connection reached 500 million, exceeding the previous plan of 349 million. According to the ¡°Annual Report on Market Demand and Investment Forecast of China's Internet of Things Industry in 2018-2023¡± released by Prospective Industry Research Institute, smart city is the hottest IoT project. Up to now, among the 1,600 IoT construction projects announced worldwide in 2018, smart city projects accounted for 23%, industrial IoT accounted for 17%, and building networking, car networking, smart energy projects accounted for 12% and 11 respectively. %, 10%. AI+IoT technology accelerates the scene upgrade A new generation of artificial intelligence is booming around the world, not only injecting new kinetic energy into economic and social development, but also profoundly changing people's way of life. With the advent of the AI+IoT era, in the next ten to twenty years, the digital economy and the new generation of Internet it carries will have an all-round impact on the economy and business. As a pioneer in artificial intelligence, machine learning has taken the first step in the IoT world. Autonomous vehicles are one of the largest IoT devices, and even cars that offer only some autopilot functions, such as Tesla, rely heavily on machine learning. You can program autonomous vehicles to understand the basic rules of the road and how to deal with the most common obstacles you may encounter. However, when you introduce other drivers into the mix, it is not possible to program every possible variable. This is why machine learning is so important in the Internet of Things. Just out of the production line, Tesla will get all the information that Tesla is currently collecting, and then learn all the new variables encountered and share it with all connected cars, which makes the autopilot mode for all Tes It is safer to pull the driver. Intelligent security and the Internet of Things are closely related to the Internet of Things. It is a conceptual platform for the security industry to develop intelligently, which can provide better funding and technology platform for the development of security intelligence. The security of the future will be integrated under the big platform of the Internet of Things and become one of the ¡°all things¡± to access the Internet. Through the smart sensor chip, the information is sensed in time, transmitted in real time, and people can interact with each other in real time, bringing us a new era of security and wisdom. This is wisdom security. In the security security core system--video security monitoring system, the Internet of Things technology is mainly embodied in the application of video-aware systems. The video-aware system is the most important component of the Internet of Things perception system. The Internet of Things is collected by the system of the front-end sensing system. Through the data aggregation of the transmission network, the application of massive sensing data is realized. At the same time, it also promotes the transformation of security systems from simple security monitoring to industrial security and visual management. The system architecture also evolves from a simple and isolated system to a comprehensive management platform closely related to the business. Conclusion: The Internet of Things technology has opened up the deep application of security intelligence, providing a wider imagination space for everyone. The security industry is only one of them. I believe that more industries and IoT will be integrated and developed in the future, and truly enter the era of intelligence.Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park unveiled and despised the first batch of technology. On December 26, the Zhongguancun Science Park Management Committee and Shougang Group Co., Ltd. jointly established the ¡°Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park¡± launching ceremony. Successfully held in Shougang Park. At the meeting, Defiance Technology was signed as the first batch of demonstration enterprises in the park and Beijing Shougang Construction Investment Co., Ltd. Shougang Investment and Shougang AI Park Application Demonstration Enterprise Signing Ceremony Zhongguancun (Shougang) Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Industrial Park Unveiling Ceremony Xu Zhijun, Deputy Secretary General of Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, Qi Lixin, Director of Zhongguancun Management Committee, and Liu Hang, Deputy Inspector of Zhongguancun Management Committee Zhou Xisong, deputy head of Shijingshan District, Zhang Gongyan, chairman of Shougang Group, Liang Jie, deputy general manager of Shougang Group, and other responsible comrades from the Ministry of Science and Technology and Xinshou Steel Office participated in the event and unveiled the park. At the launching ceremony, Liang Jie introduced the construction plan of Zhongguancun (Shougang) artificial intelligence innovation application industrial park, and Zhang Yulei, director of the Industry Department of Zhongguancun Management Committee, issued a support policy. Yan Lixin, director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, said that it is necessary to further improve the station position, strengthen the top-level planning, and create a world-class business environment, so as to ¡°help¡± the project, ¡°support¡± the funds, ¡°introducing¡± the policies, and the rights and interests. ¡°Protect¡± to continuously improve the service level of enterprises and the management level of the park. Yan Lixin, director of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, delivered a speech. Defiant Technology President Fu Yingbo spoke as a representative of Shougang AI Park Demonstration Application Enterprise. Fu Yingbo introduced the current development situation, using the self-original AI system in the application of mobile phones, cameras, robots and other sensing devices, and built a "AI+IoT" strategy through a combination of soft and hard solutions to create a personal IoT , public IoT, commercial IoT three major Internet of Things. Defiant Technology President Fu Yingbo spoke as a representative of the signing company. Fu Yingbo said that he would continue to cultivate his internal strength, take root in Beijing, serve Beijing, and adhere to the "technical belief, value and pragmatic" scorn gene, to land in Zhongguancun (Shougang) The Intelligent Innovation Application Industrial Park takes the opportunity to build a foothold in the park. Under the guidance of the Zhongguancun Management Committee, it will work together with Shougang to build an application demonstration project, build a common technical service platform, cooperate with R&D and application, and build a service space. Combined with key scenarios, the application of demonstration to promote technology and system optimization, the formation and improvement of a number of industry solutions, with artificial intelligence technology to empower the new era capital city to revive new landmarks.2018-2019 Jiangsu University Student Planners Academic Winter Camp "Data Science and Face Recognition" College Student Planners Academic Winter Camp Admissions Guide Nanjing University of Science and Technology is a national key university affiliated to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China. In the ancient capital of Nanjing, where Zhong Ling Xiu Xiu and Hu Yu Long Yu. The school was built in 1953 by the People's Liberation Army Military Engineering Institute (the ¡°Arab Military Industry¡±), the highest institution of the Chinese military science and technology. It has experienced the development stages of Artillery Engineering College, East China Institute of Technology, and East China Institute of Technology. In 1993, it was renamed Nanjing University of Science and Technology. In 1995, the school became the first batch of ¡°211 Project¡± key universities in the country; in 2000, it was approved to establish a graduate school; in 2011, it was approved to build ¡°985 Platform Advantage Discipline Innovation Platform¡±; in 2017, the school was selected as ¡°Double-Class¡± Construction In colleges and universities, the discipline of "arms science and technology" was selected as a "double first-class" construction discipline; in 2018, Academician Wang Zeshan won the 2017 National Science and Technology Award. Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and the president of the Central Military Commission, personally presented the award to Academician Wang Zeshan. The school adheres to the school-oriented philosophy of "people-oriented, honest and moral", upholds the motto of "advancement in morality, ambition and newness", and promotes the school spirit of "unity, dedication, truth-seeking, innovation" to serve the country's strategic needs and promote social progress. It is committed to building a first-class, internationally renowned high-level research university. Beijing Vision Technology Co., Ltd. is an industry-oriented solution provider based on artificial intelligence technology. It is committed to providing leading-edge artificial intelligence algorithms and solutions to global industry users and building a city-level intelligent Internet of Things system. Face recognition technology, image recognition technology, intelligent video cloud products, smart sensor products, and intelligent robot products have been widely used in finance, mobile phones, security, logistics, retail and other fields. The core customers include not only Alibaba, Ants. Industry-level head enterprises such as Jinfu, Huawei and Lenovo also serve the government departments of the Ministry of Public Security, the State Administration of Taxation, China CITIC Bank, China Merchants Bank, China Resources Group and the Central State-owned Enterprises Group. I. Enrollment targets and registration conditions 1. Citizens of the People's Republic of China, who support the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have good health, good moral character, and abide by the law; 2. Knowledge of probability and statistics is required, and the content of the university must be taught before class. Review; 3. Must have a Python language foundation, the basis of an object-oriented programming language is appropriate; 4. Students interested in artificial intelligence, computer vision can apply. Second, the enrollment quota is for students in the second year of the university with computer and artificial intelligence, software engineering, big data and other engineering majors in Jiangsu Province. The number of students is 100. 3. For the selection method, please send the application materials to the organizer's mailbox (Mr. Ding, 976968825@qq.com) before January 5, 2019. 1. "Application Form for Academic Winter Camp for Data Science and Face Recognition" of the College of Higher Education in Jiangsu Province from 2018 to 2019, see attachment, and submit both electronic version and scanned copy; 2. Undergraduate transcript and in this book The class (the major) ranking certificate (with the official seal of the academic department of the university) is required to provide a scanned copy. 3. Other supporting materials (such as copies of various award certificates, copies of published papers, etc.), scanned copies are required. Contact: Nanjing University of Science and Technology: Teacher Jiang, 025-84303204 Defiance Technology: Mr. Ding, 15862822407, 976968825@qq.com Students should carefully check whether they meet the application conditions before registration. Some students are required to provide relevant supporting materials according to the school requirements during the registration period. Students should carefully check and confirm the registration information. Based on the principle of ensuring quality and merit-based admission, our school determines the list of candidates based on the student's application materials and the supporting materials provided. Before January 12, 2019, select 100 outstanding students and notify relevant universities. If there are students withdrawing during the period, and the total number of winter camps is less than 100, a second round of screening will be conducted to reach a total number of 100. people. 4. Winter Camp Fees 1. Free school supplies, handouts, practical equipment, essential school supplies for consumables; 2. Free accommodation and food; 3. Purchase of group accident insurance for trainees; 4. Expenses for non-winter camp activities ,To bear. V. Training Camp Objectives To give full play to the respective resource advantages of contempt and Nanjing University of Science and Technology, and to train students to use data science thinking and artificial intelligence technology to analyze problems, decision-making and problem solving. Through extensive case training, hands-on labs, project planning and development, and teamwork, the camp helps students build awareness of data science and artificial intelligence, test students' understanding of basic data analysis methods and tools, and stimulate students. Students use data to think and find new interest in solving problems. The training camp will enhance students' ability in the following four areas. 1. Establish disciplinary cognition: Cultivate students' basic cognitive ability in data science and artificial intelligence through case teaching; 2. Quick introduction to language: quick start and master the primary Python programming language and data analysis ability; 3. Practical ability establishment: use Data thinking and artificial intelligence to solve practical decision-making and forecasting problems; 4. Comprehensive quality improvement: deepen the knowledge of data science and artificial intelligence application scenario and teamwork. Sixth, the training camp schedule 1. Time: January 18, 2019 - January 25, January 18 reported all day. 2. Introduction 3. Schedule 7. Precautions It is recommended that students prepare a laptop for themselves, i5 or above, 8G memory is suitable (not less than 4G) a) Operating system: Windows7 and above or Ubuntu16.04 or Apple macOSb) Browser: Google Chrome version 6.0 and above "Admissions Guide" will be published simultaneously on the website of the Academic Affairs Office of Nanjing University of Science and Technology (http://jwc.njust.edu.cn/), please inquire.The Frontier of Artificial Intelligence: The Opportunity and Hope of Breakthrough The breakthrough of artificial intelligence technology, industrial innovation, and industrialization are expected to be based on the frontier theory of artificial intelligence, which is the cornerstone of the industry. In order to obtain the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, China must strengthen leading scientific research in the basic theory of artificial intelligence and cutting-edge technology, and take the lead in making major breakthroughs. Artificial intelligence technology is now the new favorite of global technology, and is profoundly changing the production and life of human beings. The plot in the movie or science fiction is present in real life: the Alpha dog is superior, making the world's top Go masters defeated, amazing; the writing robot is robbing the freelance writer's rice bowl, it is amazing; face recognition It is amazing that the system directs the depositors to blink and verify the identity card and automatically print out the account flow. After more than 60 years of evolution, especially driven by new theories and new technologies such as mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, brain science, and strong demand for economic and social development, the accelerated development of artificial intelligence presents deep learning and cross- New features such as integration of the world, human-machine synergy, openness of the group, and autonomous control can give the machine the ability to sense and exercise independently. If the first industrial revolution driven by steam technology extends the human body and expands the human power, then a new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation driven by a new generation of artificial intelligence technology will expand human intelligence. Greatly enhance the value that human intelligence can create. The 2018 Artificial Intelligence Index, written by Stanford University scholars, shows that important advances in artificial intelligence "reaching or surpassing human performance" in 2018, including the Microsoft Chinese-English bilingual machine translation system, reached humanity in relevant tests. The level, the British "deep thinking" company's research and development process in the game "? Raytheon? Hammer" winning rate surpasses human players, Google's deep learning system in the prostate cancer related diagnostic research accuracy rate exceeds the US certified pathologist, etc. . All countries in the world are rushing to seize the opportunity of the wave of artificial intelligence technology, and have been rushing to the beach. Since 2013, the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and other countries have introduced artificial intelligence strategies and policies. In order to seize the opportunities of artificial intelligence development, the United States released the "National Artificial Intelligence Research and Development Strategic Plan", "Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence", and the European Union released the "2014-2020 European Robotics Strategy Research Program", "Measuring European Research" With the future of innovation, the UK's policies around artificial intelligence include Robotics and Automated Systems 2020, Developing Artificial Intelligence in the UK, France's Artificial Intelligence Strategy, and Japan's Japan Renaissance Strategy 2016. Intelligent Technology Strategy. According to the "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Development of a New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Industry (2018-2020)", China is also coordinating international and domestic innovation resources, and strives to achieve the scale of artificial intelligence core industry by 2030. One trillion yuan has driven the relevant industries to exceed 10 trillion yuan, becoming the world's leading artificial intelligence innovation center. The intelligent economy and smart society have achieved remarkable results, laying an important foundation for being among the forefront of innovative countries and economic powers. On the other hand, we must also see that although the level of global artificial intelligence development is remarkable, the current ¡°development¡± of artificial intelligence systems is still immature, and the overall level is still in its infancy, regardless of basic theoretical research or key core technologies. Or the talent system needs to be perfected. Artificial intelligence is divided into special artificial intelligence and general artificial intelligence. The current results are mainly reflected in the special artificial intelligence. The truly complete artificial intelligence system is a general-purpose intelligent system, which has the thinking characteristics similar to the human brain, and can be used as a contradiction. Experts believe that the current artificial intelligence system "has no intelligence, no intelligence, no calculation, no expertise, no expertise." Therefore, the research and application of general intelligent systems still has a long way to go. The breakthrough of artificial intelligence technology, industry innovation, and industrialization are expected to be based on the frontier theory of artificial intelligence, which is the cornerstone of the industry. It can be seen that at the infrastructure level, the frontier basic theories and algorithms still have a lot of room for breakthrough. In order to obtain the right to speak in the field of artificial intelligence, China must strengthen leading scientific research in the basic theory of artificial intelligence and cutting-edge technology, and take the lead in making major breakthroughs. Compared with European and American countries, China's artificial intelligence research started late, and it has been at a low threshold for a long time. The talents with international influence are scarce. The high-level talents who master the technology of ¡°handcuffing¡± are even scarcer. It is necessary to build a complete artificial intelligence talent system. ¡°The Everest is on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. Only the cutting-edge technology research platform can cultivate top technical talents. The construction of a large number of research groups with international standards is the basis for cultivating top talents. High-end technology must be connected with the industry to form a huge application market, and artificial intelligence must be closely integrated with the industry. This means that we need to grasp the landing of artificial intelligence application scenarios, strive for breakthroughs in basic data and platform technology, and build a bridge that effectively links with the traditional industry ecosystem. Thanks to the huge demographic data dividend and the rich demand of the industry, the development and utilization of artificial intelligence application scenarios in China is particularly active in the fields of intelligent finance, smart medical care, intelligent security, and safe city. Taking smart medical care as an example, relatively rich electronic medical records, medical images, pathological images and other data are provided to researchers, and it is possible to train artificial intelligence models by labeling, thus generating a large application industry. Intelligent security, unmanned terminal and other terminal scenarios are important scenarios for artificial intelligence applications, but how much value of artificial intelligence can be applied to these scenarios after landing and landing, relying entirely on the support of intelligent platforms. Taking unmanned driving as an example, the current technology is not mature, and one of the important reasons is that the calculation efficiency cannot keep up. The authoritative research results show that 1000 autopilot cars on the road need to process the amount of data equivalent to the current Baidu image search every day. To process this information in a timely and effective manner, high-performance artificial intelligence chips need to be embedded in the underlying architecture.From the end of 2018, look at the new trend of 2019 wisdom and security development. In the 2018 AMB meeting, most manufacturers showed solutions based on solutions, and the products were placed in unobtrusive corners. The theme includes the Internet of Things, AI technology, cross-border integration, IT to DT interconnection, application level of deep development of the industry, etc., and the sense of science and technology is prominent. With the gradual development of Internet technology, more and more business forms have been affected, the industry boundaries have gradually blurred, and the original industry division has been subverted as never before. The introduction of the Internet + concept has brought about a change in the thinking mode and development pattern of the security industry. The cross-border cooperation and upgrading of the security industry has become the norm in the development of the security industry, and the overall industrial chain has undergone major adjustments. In order to find a new way out for development, security companies have crossed the border to markets such as drones, robots, and smart locks, while Internet companies, IT companies, and artificial intelligence companies have also deployed security. Faced with the strong entry of the Internet, AI, and IT companies, the company has achieved a major "cleansing" of the security market, and washed away the products and enterprises with low competitiveness, so that enterprises with real qualifications, technology, and accumulation can turn to IT. / Internet companies learn to make rapid product changes and technological innovations. At the same time, with the rapid iterative update of products, it provides users with better services, and also obtains more channel resources and communication resources for enterprises, which promotes the sound development of the entire security industry. Face recognition technology is a non-contact and non-intrusive feature for face recognition. It can be directly recognized by the camera within a certain distance without touching the human body, thus achieving greater range and more information collection. Need to be matched by the collector, more easily accepted by the public. For applications in an open public environment, face recognition technology has incomparable advantages. At the same time, the face application mode is more mature with the cloud computing technology, and the cost is also greatly reduced. From the camera to the NVR, the face recognition function is undoubtedly applied in video surveillance. It has become a standard configuration, enabling a wide range of applications such as face control, face search, and face comparison. At the same time, the application of face recognition in access control products is also basically popular. Face recognition functions such as face opening, face visitor, and human witness verification are all configured with face recognition function. In theory, the hands are basically liberated. In practical applications, smart buildings, smart communities, smart cities, road monitoring and other places have begun to lay out large-scale products with face recognition functions. Today's face recognition technology is mature enough to ensure that it has reached a steady state. In addition, the face recognition function is not limited to edge applications, cloud face recognition comparison is more favored by large-scale smart projects due to low cost. This emerging technology has brought about a turn for traditional business upgrades and expansions, as well as opportunities for new ventures to disrupt existing landscapes. Intelligent chip manufacturers have increased sharply, laying the foundation for the application of artificial intelligence in the security industry. With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, as the top priority of the artificial intelligence industry, AI chips have become the most popular investment field, and various AI chips are emerging one after another. . In the field of artificial intelligence chips, foreign chip giants occupy the majority of the market share, both in terms of talent pooling and company mergers. Domestic artificial intelligence companies have also presented a situation of contending. According to statistics, at least a dozen AI chips were available in China last year, and the upgrade period of chip products generally lasted for 12-24 months. Nowadays, such a hot and intensive market bombardment is like a collective carnival of AI chips. AI chip makers rushed into the 2018 AMB conference, and 16 chip manufacturers participated in the exhibition. In addition to the Cambrian, Shenzhen, Bitian, Horizon and other startups have brought new products, the security chip tyrant Heis also showed four New products of AI chips, from the perspective of products on display, smart chips can be described as highly competitive. Depending on the application scenario, artificial intelligence chips can be applied to the cloud and device edge. At present, the cloud chip market has been exhausted by the giants, and the overall pattern has not changed much. The survival space of startup companies is small. However, the variable at the edge is undecided. After the edge calculation was submitted by Hikvision in 2017, most of the manufacturers follow up the layout this year. The attention continues to rise, and the edge-end chip market is growing, attracting more and more chip manufacturers to join. At present, the edge-end chip market can be said to be a group of talents, and opportunities still exist. The main role of video surveillance is unwavering. With the video surveillance becoming more and more high-definition and ultra-high-definition, the data scale is exponentially increasing exponentially. The data generated by the video surveillance service is mostly unstructured data, which gives the traditional Data management and usage mechanisms pose significant challenges. The application point of artificial intelligence is video intelligent analysis. Based on the huge amount of video data in the security industry, it has certain advantages in developing big data, deep learning, cloud computing and other technologies. At the same time, it expands and accumulates related software and hardware technologies through video intelligence analysis. Business area. The video cloud and big data layout basically complete the charm of big data is not "big", but "useful". Value content and mining costs are more important than quantity. Therefore, for the security industry, the transformation of unstructured data into structured data, and the in-depth exploration and effective use of these large-scale data is the inevitable direction of the layout. Ali built the city brain, Huawei's high-profile video cloud, Haikang proposed AI Cloud, Dahua released the heart of HOC city, who will dominate the SDT security big data industry to the basic characterization. With the introduction of a series of policies, the big data national strategy is accelerating, and ¡°digging out gold mines¡± from big data is the stage to truly test the core hard technology of enterprises. Enterprises need to down-to-earth, step by step to iterate out products that meet the needs of the times, and on the basis of maintaining independent research and development and innovation, tap the market potential, take root in the vertical field in specific applications, and solve the practical problems encountered by users in big data management. Start with the actual application to drive the industrial chain and improve market competitiveness. The SVAC standard has been officially implemented for a small wave of SVAC 2.0 standards for more than a year. The SVAC standard does have many improvements for monitoring applications, especially for SVAC 2.0 in digital signal processing algorithms compared to SVAC 1.0. , operational efficiency, stability and other aspects are more mature. In particular, SVAC2.0 has greater security in terms of data security, image coding efficiency is further improved, and information security level is also higher. However, due to technical maturity, cost and other issues, the popularity of SVAC standards can not be achieved overnight. Although the SVAC industry alliance lineup continues to expand and expand, some leading companies in the industry and many foreign companies still hold a wait-and-see attitude. Before the 2.0 standard came out, Qianmu Juyun had fallen. At present, Zhongxing Technology is unique in the field of SVAC, from chip to product, solution, and complete product line. Another Xinbo Electronics' first low-power SVAC2.0 codec chip was exhibited in China. No other manufacturers exhibited SVAC-related products at the 2018 Beijing Expo. However, with the appeal of the Ministry of Public Security to domestic security monitoring vendors, it is inevitable that the echoes will be gathered, and with the strong support of the national policy, the road ahead will be looming. Internet access control From this year's AMB meeting, face recognition, NFC, two-dimensional code and other ways to open the door formally integrated into the access control, the integration of access control, video surveillance, and intercom has matured. Among the products and solutions exhibited at AMB, the most widely used is face recognition technology. Most manufacturers have installed face recognition modules for gates and door machines. However, for the access control project, the realization of face recognition has a large cost pressure, and the recognition technology of cards, NFC and two-dimensional codes is relatively low in cost. Therefore, while face recognition captures the access control, NFC and II The application of the dimension code also meets the needs of different levels of the market. In the author's interview, there is even a saying that the access control industry is about to ¡°disappear¡±. Of course, this ¡°disappearance¡± is not the disappearance of the true meaning, but is completely integrated into the video surveillance to form a comprehensive solution. The solution can be dominated by the access control system or the video surveillance system according to the customer's needs, and the focus is different. The AI ??vent is blowing into the access control industry, and wisdom has become the key to the development of the access control industry. It can also be seen at the 2018 AMB meeting that many enterprises use the "smart access control" as the entry point to lay out the community O2O. Most of the old-fashioned access control enterprises have the real estate resource base, combined with artificial intelligence technology and access control Internet and intelligent development trends. Give the access control market a huge new business opportunity. IoT integration into burglar alarms With the rapid rise of technologies such as the Internet of Things, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the burglar alarm industry has also shown a new look. The burglar alarm enterprise began to approach the direction of the object-sensing sensor, and based on the advantages of sensor technology, it expanded the vertical industry market of smart home, smart hotel, smart pension and so on. The common system architecture in the vertical industry market is to flexibly combine various types of sensors to deploy targeted system solutions according to specific scenarios. With the advancement of technology, the development of anti-theft alarm technology is changing with each passing day, and the integration and application of various innovative technologies has also provided great convenience for it, accelerating the rapid development of the anti-theft alarm industry. In the AMB meeting, the author was fortunate to see the alarm system composed of PoE technology and wireless transmission technology. It is very convenient to deploy, install and debug freely. It is a benchmark for the technical progress of the alarm industry. In recent years, due to various reasons, the alarm industry has shrunk. In order to achieve long-term development, the alarm enterprises must strengthen the introduction and application of various new technologies and new products, and build a comprehensive alarm service platform to meet market demand. Through technology and product changes, we will provide security services to our customers, thereby improving market competitiveness, opening up new horizons in the alarm service market and promoting the long-term development of enterprises. After the artificial intelligence has landed in the best industry, the security industry has become the entry point for smart city layout. In the domestic security market, on the one hand, product homogeneity is serious, price war is getting worse, and single hardware profit is almost very difficult; on the other hand, the demand for smart city and smart transportation construction led by the government is growing, and the entire security industry is showing huge Development space. In the future, with the support of national policies such as ¡°Internet +¡±, ¡°intelligent manufacturing¡± and ¡°artificial intelligence¡±, information technologies such as the Internet, biometrics, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and big data will be accelerated into the security industry and eventually formed. A huge security circle guards the people to live and work in peace. Analysis of the characteristics and trends of new smart city development China's smart city construction entered the third wave from 2008 to 2012, China's smart city experienced the first wave, which can be called the concept introduction period. In this period, the construction of smart cities is driven by industry applications. The key technologies include wireless communication, fiber-optic broadband, HTTP, GIS, GPS technology, etc. The information system uses a single department, a single system, and independent construction as the main methods to form a large number of information islands and information sharing. Most use point-to-point spontaneous sharing. The industrial strength is relatively simple, and foreign software system integrators lead the development of smart city industry after introducing concepts. From 2012 to 2015, for the pilot exploration period, smart cities began to walk out of the road of Chinese characteristics and set off a second wave. At this stage, under the background of accelerated urbanization in China, the focus is on the comprehensive application of information technology such as RFID, 3G/4G, cloud computing, and SOA. The system construction presents horizontal and vertical segmentation features. Information sharing is based on shared exchange platforms, with key projects or Collaborative applications are the starting point. On the main body of promotion, the Ministry of Housing and Construction has taken the lead in the ministries and commissions, and selected 290 pilots across the country to extensively explore the path and model of smart city construction. Domestic and foreign software developers, system integrators, equipment vendors, etc. actively participate in the construction of various links. After 2016, the state proposed a new smart city concept, emphasizing data-driven, people-oriented, co-ordination, and effectiveness. Key technologies include Nb-IoT, 5G, big data, artificial intelligence, blockchain, smart city platform and operating system. Etc., the information system evolves toward the horizontal and vertical joint system, and the information sharing mode changes from the motion type to the function sharing. The mode of promotion gradually formed a government-led, market-led pattern. The government's 25 national ministries and commissions were fully integrated, and the telecom operators, software vendors, integrators, and Internet companies in the market gathered together. The smart city standardization system is becoming more and more sound. Following the introduction of the first smart city national standard ¡°GB/T 33356-2016 new smart city evaluation index¡± in 2016, China has released five smart city national standards in 2017, and the smart city standard in 2018. It has released up to 11 items, covering top-level design, platform, technology application and data fusion, and has become a key year for the comprehensive establishment of the smart city standard specification system. The multi-level, all-round and intensively released standard system points out the direction for the healthy and orderly development of new smart cities, and also lays the basic conditions for the cooperation of various industrial entities, marking the smart city from the exploration stage to the standardized development stage, which will further bring wisdom. The accumulation of urban industrial ecology. Intelligent infrastructure to help improve urban carrying capacity Various urban infrastructures based on technologies such as mobile Internet of Things, gradually realize large-scale intelligent upgrades, which will greatly enhance urban carrying capacity. At present, Nb-IoT-based smart meter reading, intelligent parking, smart manhole cover and other applications emerge one after another, and the intelligent infrastructure that has the greatest impact on the future is the intelligent upgrade of multi-functional smart poles and road facilities. With the rapid growth of urban-level awareness infrastructure construction, the need for integrated deployment of sensing facilities is becoming more and more urgent. Multi-functional smart poles integrate wireless communication, information interaction, intelligent lighting, video surveillance, traffic management, environmental monitoring, emergency assistance and other functions. In one, it may become an integrated carrier of new sensing facilities, and gradually complete installation, overall deployment and joint construction and sharing. In 2018, Shenzhen issued the "Shenzhen Multi-Pole Intelligent System Technology and Engineering Construction Specification", and launched a multi-functional smart rod construction operation, which was fully rolled out and installed throughout the city. Unmanned technology drives intelligent upgrading of urban road facilities, and multiple cities are preemptively deploying test site facilities. For example, Yizhuang in Beijing built the country's first unmanned pilot road, and reconstructed signals, signs and markings to facilitate the identification of autonomous vehicles; Shanghai opened the unmanned open road from 5.6 km to 12 km in 2018, and actively researched and developed The first new road marking system in the country; Wuhan deployed the first 260 sets of intelligent traffic signs based on NB-IoT to lay the basic conditions for road construction for unmanned driving. The wide application of artificial intelligence technology will greatly improve the level of urban governance services. Artificial intelligence technology will greatly improve the level of public service and social governance, and will completely change the problem of poor citizen satisfaction and low perception in traditional smart cities. Comrade Xi Jinping recently stressed that it is necessary to strengthen the combination of artificial intelligence and social governance, promote the construction of smart cities, and use artificial intelligence to improve the level of public services and social governance. In recent years, artificial intelligence technology has achieved remarkable results in many fields such as public security, health care, and transportation in smart cities. For example, the Beijing Public Security System uses artificial intelligence technology to efficiently process massive cases and police data. The machine brain can process 12,000 letters per hour, and the results of keyword matching can be retrieved within 0.3 seconds, which can be established in every 10,000 report letters. With 8 million clues, the prediction accuracy for the police is as high as 92%. Internet companies have become the new promoters of new smart city construction. In addition to equipment manufacturers, integrators and other smart city traditional practitioners, Internet companies have become new market entrants, using artificial intelligence or Internet portals as a starting point for new smart cities, with technology, users, Advantages such as platform and innovation capability quickly seize market share and enrich the new smart city industrial ecosystem. For example, Alibaba proposed the urban brain in Hangzhou in 2016, and launched the urban brain 1.0 and 2.0 versions in 2017 and 2018 respectively, and proposed to fully open the AI ??capability of the urban brain platform to provide computing power and data in eight areas such as urban transportation and medical care. Algorithms, management models, etc., to gather upstream and downstream practitioners, trying to build a smart city super ecosystem centered on Alibaba. In 2017, Tencent jointly established Digital Guangdong Network Construction Co., Ltd. with Telecom, Mobile and China Unicom to provide full-process technical support for Guangdong's digital government reform. In 2018, it launched the Guangdong Provincial App, and integrated the Guangdong public service with WeChat as the portal. Super App in the Smart City area. Hierarchical classification has become the basic orientation of new smart city construction. Different regions, different levels, and different types of cities have different development orientations and different focuses. Different cities have different economic, social, geographic, natural, and industrial basic conditions. There is a big difference between the development goals and the development goals. There is no single unified solution for all cities. It is necessary to comprehensively consider the orientation of urban development, the level of economic and social development, the size of the population, the location characteristics, adapt to local conditions, find the right location, and find targeted development paths for various cities. In general, it should support the mega-city to benchmark the international advanced level and build a world-class smart city group; provincial cities play a role in radiation, forming a regional economic and social activity center; prefecture-level cities and county-level cities focus on urban and rural planning, Reduce the digital divide and promote balanced development; promote the characteristic and differentiated development of new urban areas and small towns. Among all kinds of smart cities, the new city new district will become the highlight of the next stage to explore innovation. Xincheng New District is a new carrier of new urbanization and a test field for the development of smart cities. The new city new district will use the urban information model as the key technology to build digital twin cities or will become the next vent. The digital twin city is a city information model (CIM) based on data-driven, software-defined, platform-supported, and virtual-real interaction. It enables the digital city and the real city to be synchronously planned and synchronized, realizing the whole process and all-factor digitalization, and realizing the city's full state real-time. And visualization and urban management decision-making and service synergy and intelligence. The Xi'an New District and the Beijing Sub-center have widely used CIM technology to build digital twin cities.Defiance of technology to upgrade brand strategy to accelerate AIOT layout With the third wave of technological revolution, artificial intelligence (AI) combined with Internet of Things (IoT) AioT has become a new trend, the next 2-3 years, the Internet of Things Will become the backbone of the industry, and artificial intelligence will truly become an essential tool. Based on this, China's artificial intelligence unicorn enterprise defiance technology has previously upgraded its brand strategy and accelerated its layout in the AioT ecosystem. At the same time, Destiny Technology also highlighted the upgrade strategy of technology and scene in the official announcement of the brand upgrade from ¡°Face++ Defiance¡± to ¡°Megvii Defiance¡±. In terms of technology, the core technology of defying technology is upgraded from face recognition platform Face++ to systematic AI algorithm engine Brain++, which pulls all-factor and full-process production from data to deployment algorithm; in terms of scene, defiance technology from urban management Vertical scenes such as logistics, retail, real estate, mobile phone, and finance are upgraded to urban brains with urban sensors as the core, personal life brains with mobile phones as the core, and supply chain brains with intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, and intelligent retail as the core. IoT scenario business group. Among them, in the three major IoT scene business groups, Vision Technology has achieved product landing in the urban brain IoT scene, and its urban management AI products have been running in more than 260 cities across the country; in the supply chain brain IoT scene, defying intelligent robot deployment It has more than 5,000 units, and the largest 500 robotic warehouses in Asia have achieved more than 80,000 boxes of double 11 out of the day. In the personal life brain IoT scene, the scorn smart terminal solution has provided more than 70% of Android phones with brushing faces. Unlocking services, innovative services such as face payment, 3D modeling, portrait light effects, and super image quality bring more wonderful experiences to mobile phone users. In addition, Vision Technology also focuses on the release of HETU, the core of the robot strategy, which is a one-stop solution for the rapid integration of robotics and logistics, manufacturing, and one-stop solution planning, simulation, implementation, and operation. The system is one of the core directions of Vision Technology under the AIOT strategy. In the future, with the continuous implementation of the three major scenes, Defiance Technology will truly build its own AI algorithm engine and IoT operating system, which will become the cornerstone of the core products of contempt for commercial competition in the next decade. In addition to the brand strategy, the role of contempt technology is constantly upgrading, from the solution provider, the ecological participants, to the current supply chain initiator, the platform core. In the future, as a unicorn of China's artificial intelligence enterprise, Defiance Technology will fulfill its new mission, "to continue to create maximum value for customers and society with extraordinary technology."Defiance of technology ranks as "fast company" China's most innovative enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence The artificial intelligence industry has experienced the capital enthusiasm of 2011, and now the enthusiasm of cooling, many artificial intelligence companies have gradually disappeared from the original barbaric growth. According to the list of "50 Most Innovative Enterprises in the World in 2019" released by the famous American business magazine "Fast Company", one of China's earliest artificial intelligence companies has successfully listed "China's most innovative enterprise". Top10", it is very gratifying. "Fast Company" is one of the world's three major financial and commercial media, one of the most influential business magazines in the United States. The reason for giving contempt for technology is: "More than 300,000 developers from more than 210 countries have used their faces. Recognized, it provides real-name certification services for 295 million people worldwide, covering banking, insurance, securities and digital finance.¡± As a core enterprise in the core of China's relationship, contempt for technology has attracted the attention of the government. On February 16th, Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee and mayor of the city, said that he would encourage innovative technologies with independent intellectual property rights to be applied preferentially in urban operation management and services in the form of government procurement, etc. Relevant industrial development funds, building docking service platforms, etc., aggregate development resources to extend the industrial chain innovation chain, form a good innovation ecology, drive the development of related small and medium-sized enterprises, and form an innovative agglomeration development zone that conforms to the capital's positioning. This is undoubtedly an important benefit for the contempt technology with independent innovation technology. In 2019, according to the latest deployment of Vision Technology, Vision Technology will be upgraded from diversified vertical scenes such as urban management, logistics, retail, real estate, mobile phone, and finance to three major IoT scenarios: urban brain, supply chain brain, and personal life brain. Group, strategic layout AIOT explores cutting-edge technology for artificial intelligence. Tang Wenbin, co-founder and CTO of Vision Technology, once said: "In the next five years, Defiance Technology wants to connect more devices and empower more devices. Defiance Technology wants to connect more than 1 billion robots in 5 years, creating More value."The biggest in history! Despise technology released object detection data set Objects365 far more than ImageNet image data set larger than ImageNet. On April 16th, Zhiyuan Research Institute released the "Beijing Zhiyuan Scholars Program" and announced the joint construction of Beijing Zhiyuan - Defiance Intelligent Model Design and Image Perception Joint Lab. At the joint lab conference, Despise Technology released the universal object detection dataset Objects365, which contains 630,000 images, covering 365 categories, up to 10 million frames, far exceeding the datasets such as ImageNet and COCO. In addition, a CVPR Workshop competition for this data set was launched. Sun Jian, chief scientist of Defiance Technology, introduced Objects365, a general object detection dataset recently released by the Institute, which includes a total of 630,000 images, covering 365 categories, up to 10 million frames, surpassing Pascal VOC, ImageNet. , COCO data set. The data set includes 14 categories of people, clothing, living room, bathroom, kitchen, office, electrical appliances, transportation, food, fruits, vegetables, animals, sports, and musical instruments. Each category has dozens of subcategories. If only 80 and 20 categories included in the COCO and VOC datasets are considered, Objects365 is still superior to COCO and VOC in the average number of frames and the number of categories per image, and the index is reduced during the labeling process. The area of ??the marked area also exceeds COCO and VOC. In addition, in terms of the categories covered by each image, the Objects365 coverage category is broader than the previous dataset.Defiance of technology shareholders, directors, a number of changes, Ant Financial, Lenovo investment exit According to IPO, we know that there have been many changes in AI service provider Beijing Defiance Technology Co., Ltd., and the industry and commerce information shows that Lenovo, Innovation Works and Ant Financial Services The company withdrew from the ranks of technology shareholders, Li Kaifu, Ant Financial Services Han Yiyi, Wang Mingyao, Tang Wenbin and Yang Mu withdrew from the ranks of directors. Defiance Technology was established in 2011. It is the main solution for the IOT. The three co-founders are Yin Qi, Tang Wenbin and Yang Mu. The company's face recognition, image recognition, smart sensors and other products are widely used in security, finance, retail and other fields. Lenovo participated in the contempt financing from the 2012 Angel Wheel stage, when it raised 1 million yuan. In July 2013, the investors who despised the A round of financing were innovative workshops with an amount of US$1 million. After September 2014, Ant Financial participated in the company's strategic investment, and the amount was not disclosed. In the B+ round of December 2016 and the C+ round of financing in October 2017, the innovative workshop and Ant Financial Services participated in two rounds of financing as investors respectively. The total amount of the two rounds of financing was 100 million US dollars. 360 million US dollars. On May 8, DeVision Technology announced the completion of Phase II equity financing in Round D. The D-round investors include BOCGI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), and Macquarie Group. And ICBC Asset Management (Global) Co., Ltd., with a total financing of approximately US$750 million. According to Tencent News, the financing is worth more than $4 billion. Defiance Technology achieved profitability in 2017, and the intelligent security sector contributed 44% of revenue, accounting for the highest proportion. Security mainly obtains orders through the service of government customers, mainly based on the application of public security and border defense departments. The proportion of revenue from the main business of intelligent security will further expand. In the financial business, the company cooperates with more than 20 financial institutions such as Alipay, Bank of Beijing and China CITIC Bank to provide "brush face" identification services. Defiance Technology uses the Face++ open platform as its core product to provide enterprise-level product services through artificial intelligence recognition technology. And this application market has many competitors, such as Shangtang Technology. In May 2018, Shangtang Technology announced the completion of a $620 million C+ round of financing with a valuation of more than $4.5 billion. In November 2017, Shangtang Technology received Alibaba's financing of 1.5 billion yuan. These investments are not difficult to see how Ali controls the consumer scene in AI applications. Another example is Yun Cong Technology, the largest AI supplier in China's banking industry. After completing the B+ round of financing in October 2018, the valuation reached 23 billion yuan. Finance, security, and transportation are the areas of contempt for the company's AI services. If contempt and business soup are backed by Ali, Yun Cong Technology is supported by China National New, Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund, Guangdong Yueke Financial Group, Shanghai Liansheng Capital and other national strategic funds.