SenseTime Promotes Traffic Safety with Smart Automobile Solutions
¡@¡@SenseTime and Shanghai International Automobile City Group (SIACG) has announced cooperation recently. Leveraging on the advanced AI technology of SenseTime, the two companies work together to enhance SIACG¡¦s shuttle bus service operations, driver management and passenger experience. In addition, the cooperation also includes the traffic data collection and big data analytics which fuel the development and extensive application of smart automobile in real-world.
¡@¡@Currently, there are 100+ shuttle bus routes in Shanghai, 38 of them has been upgraded with SenseTime¡¦s smart?cockpitsolutions, which on one hand is capable of recognizing driver identity, fatigue level, distraction level and giving appropriate alerts to ensure safe driving.??The upgrade will gradually expand to all routes in future.
¡@¡@Real-time driving monitoring system to ensure safe driving
¡@¡@Safety is always the priority in traffic management. Empowered by SenseTime¡¦s advanced technology SenseDrive driving monitor system (DMS), shuttle bus with an ordinary infra-red camera and an ordinary chipset installed can instantly become capable of recognizing human face, blinking of eyes, attention monitoring and other status of the driver. It can accurately tell if the driver¡¦s fatigue level through closing of eyes or yawning, and notice high-risk behaviours such as smoking, drinking, making phone calls, etc, enhancing driving safety on the road.??
Driving monitoring system (DMS) installed in from of the driver¡¦s seat
¡@¡@In the meantime, SenseTime also improves passenger experience with face-scanning payment system on shuttle buses. Passengers may register on the shuttle bus service app and submit their photo, they will then no longer have to worry about forgetting their smartphone or shuttle bus card, simply scan and go aboard, saving the hassle of waiting in queue to pay when getting on a bus.
The cooperation with SIACG is the debut of SenseTime¡¦s smart cockpit?system?on public transport. Moving forward, the solutions to be further improved by introducing gesture recognition, eye-sight tracking and many more functions, taking road safety to a whole new level.?
Collaboration of CUHK Faculty of Engineering and SenseTime on AI Education
 (March 4, 2019 ¡V Hong Kong) The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) Faculty of Engineering and SenseTime Group Ltd (SenseTime)have recently launched a new collaboration on Artificial Intelligence (AI) education with the signing of a collaborative agreement.?AI is the technology that uses machine intelligence to simulate human intelligence in performing tasks and solving problems.?The application areas include visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, machine translation,?self-driving cars, and more.?The technology has broad implications as a disruptive force that is reshaping the world and changing the ways humans live and work in the future.?
CUHK, which has a pool of top-tier talents in AI and sophisticated scientific research facilities, will collaborate with the world¡¦s leading AI company SenseTime to promote AI education in Hong Kong.?The collaborative agreement covers joint efforts to bring up the new generation of AI talent in the coming three years. And through the participation in international AI competitions, exchange programmes and exhibitions, talents with outstanding performance are encouraged to enroll in the engineering programmes?in universities.The two parties will also actively engage in future educational activities by encouraging the young generation to explore AI and improve their literacy level, which includes the positive and ethical use of AI, as well as the limitations and risks. In addition, both parties hope to extend their collaborative efforts to research activities on technological advancement and societal applications of AI.

Caption: Professor Martin D. F. Wong, Dean of Engineering, CUHK (left, front row) and Mr. Hailong Shang,?
Managing Director of SenseTime Hong Kong (right, front row), sign a collaboration agreement



Caption: Professor Martin D. F. Wong, Dean of Engineering, CUHK (left) and Mr. Hailong Shang,?
Managing Director of SenseTime Hong Kong (right), take a photo together after signing the collaboration agreement
Professor Martin D. F. Wong, Dean of Engineering, CUHK, remarked, ¡§AI is one of the key research areas of the Faculty, and developing young talent and promoting technology education is a strong belief we share with SenseTime. Building on our deeply established ties, I expect the collaborative efforts from this Agreement will lead to increased participation of young students in our educational activities which will ultimately cultivate a new generation of engineering leaders in AI.¡¨
Mr. Hailong Shang, Managing Director of SenseTime Hong Kong, said, ¡§At SenseTime, ¡¥Lead AI Innovation to Power the Future¡¦ has always been our mission. While pushing ahead for technological innovations, we are also committed to promoting AI education for all. CUHK has long been renowned for its research and development work in AI. With this collaboration, we aim to join hands with CUHK to cultivate more exceptional AI talents and contribute to the AI communities in academia and industry alike.¡¨??
SenseTime Streamline CNY Travel Rush Process with ¡§Faces¡¨
As Chinese New Year (CNY) is approaching, tens of millions of Chinese citizens are travelling a long way back from the cities they live to their hometowns, just to spend the most important Chinese festival with their love ones. Such massive migration, happening every year, results in CNY travel rush, which mounts extreme pressure on public transport hubs like airports and train stations. But, this year may be a slightly different story as face recognition technology steps it to elevate the entire traveling experience.?
Smart Passenger Security Check System
Deployed in T2 of Beijing Capital International Airport, the Smart Passenger Security Check System utilizes SenseTime¡¦s cutting-edge face recognition technology for passenger identity verification, making sure the right passenger with right ID card is holding the right ticket for the flight. Meanwhile, at the luggage security check area, for the very first time, the system tries to bind the face of the passenger with his/her luggage so as to ensure no one pick the wrong luggage after the luggage check. In the past 6 months, the system has enhanced passenger throughput by more than 40%, and has saved much waiting time for passengers.?
Smart Passenger Guidance System
Since last year, SenseTime has introduced SenseID to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport, another busy hub in western China. The identity verification device assists security officers to verify passenger identities against their ID cards with highly-accurate face recognition technology, ensuring the safety of the airport and passengers.??
Riding on the successful experience, SenseTime brings in Smart Passenger Guidance System this year, which allows passengers to check their flight details such as boarding gate, flight status, route to boarding, time, etc, simply by scanning their faces in front of the system! Traveling has never been so easy.??
?

